ASV_name	Kingdom	Phylum	Class	Order	Family	Genus
prok_asv1	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv2	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv3	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv4	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv5	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
prok_asv6	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv7	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
prok_asv8	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv9	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv10	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv11	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv12	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv13	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicellaceae uc
prok_asv14	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv15	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv16	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv17	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv18	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv19	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	OCS116	OCS116 uc
prok_asv20	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv21	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
prok_asv22	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv23	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
prok_asv24	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Luteolibacter
prok_asv25	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
prok_asv26	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv27	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv28	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv29	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
prok_asv31	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv32	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv33	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv34	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv35	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv36	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv37	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv38	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv39	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv41	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv42	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv43	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv44	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv45	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
prok_asv46	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv47	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS2b
prok_asv48	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
prok_asv49	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Lentibacter
prok_asv50	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv51	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv52	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv53	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv54	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
prok_asv55	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
prok_asv56	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
prok_asv57	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv58	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv59	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv60	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv61	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv62	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv63	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
prok_asv64	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv65	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
prok_asv66	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingorhabdus
prok_asv67	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophagaceae uc
prok_asv68	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv69	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv70	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS2b
prok_asv71	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv72	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	Porticoccus
prok_asv73	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv74	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv75	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv76	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv77	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
prok_asv78	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv79	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv80	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv81	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv82	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv83	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv84	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv85	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Marinomonadaceae	Marinomonas
prok_asv86	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv87	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv88	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv89	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
prok_asv90	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv91	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv92	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv93	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv94	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Lentimonas
prok_asv95	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Moritellaceae	Moritella
prok_asv96	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv97	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv98	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Marinobacteraceae	Marinobacter
prok_asv99	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv100	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv101	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv102	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv103	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv104	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
prok_asv105	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv106	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv107	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv108	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
prok_asv109	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv110	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinaceae	Cand_Actinomarina
prok_asv111	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv112	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
prok_asv113	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv114	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
prok_asv115	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Luteolibacter
prok_asv116	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv117	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv118	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv119	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Pseudofulvibacter
prok_asv120	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv121	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv122	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv123	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv124	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv125	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv126	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv127	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv128	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv129	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv130	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv131	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv132	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
prok_asv133	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv134	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv135	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv136	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv137	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS2b
prok_asv138	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv139	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv140	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
prok_asv141	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv142	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas
prok_asv143	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv144	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv145	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv146	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv147	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv148	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv149	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
prok_asv150	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Marinoscillum
prok_asv151	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv152	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicellaceae uc
prok_asv153	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv154	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv155	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
prok_asv156	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv157	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv158	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv159	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv160	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv161	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Synechococcales	Cyanobiaceae	Synechococcus
prok_asv162	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv163	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
prok_asv164	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv165	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv166	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
prok_asv167	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	Nitrosomonas
prok_asv168	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadales uc	Kordiimonadales uc
prok_asv169	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv170	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv171	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv172	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv173	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv174	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv175	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv176	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv177	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
prok_asv178	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv179	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv180	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv181	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv182	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
prok_asv183	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
prok_asv184	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv185	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv186	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
prok_asv187	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv188	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv189	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv190	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv191	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv192	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv193	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv194	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv195	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv196	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv197	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv198	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
prok_asv199	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv200	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
prok_asv201	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
prok_asv202	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv203	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv204	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv205	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv206	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv207	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv208	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
prok_asv209	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv210	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Nonlabens
prok_asv211	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
prok_asv212	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
prok_asv213	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv214	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv215	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv216	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
prok_asv217	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv218	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
prok_asv219	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv220	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv221	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv222	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv223	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv224	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv225	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv226	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
prok_asv227	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv228	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv229	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Marinoscillum
prok_asv230	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv233	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv234	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv235	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv236	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS2b
prok_asv237	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv238	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv239	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv240	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
prok_asv241	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv242	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv243	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sedimentitalea
prok_asv244	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv246	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv247	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	PeM15	PeM15 uc	PeM15 uc
prok_asv248	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Rhodoferax
prok_asv249	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv250	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv251	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade III	SAR11 Clade III uc
prok_asv252	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv253	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv254	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Thalassobaculaceae	Thalassobaculum
prok_asv256	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv257	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
prok_asv258	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
prok_asv259	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv260	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Marinoscillum
prok_asv261	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv262	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv263	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Pedosphaerales	Pedosphaeraceae	SCGC_AAA164-E04
prok_asv264	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv265	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv266	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv267	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc
prok_asv268	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv270	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv271	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv272	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
prok_asv273	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
prok_asv274	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv275	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv276	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	Parvibaculaceae	Parvibaculaceae uc
prok_asv277	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv278	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Lentimonas
prok_asv279	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv280	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv281	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv282	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv283	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv284	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv285	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv286	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv287	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv288	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv289	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv290	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv291	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv292	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv293	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv294	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Oceanicoccus
prok_asv295	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv296	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	Arctic95B-14	Arctic95B-14 uc
prok_asv297	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Rhodospirillaceae uc
prok_asv298	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv299	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
prok_asv300	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv301	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv302	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Marimicrobium
prok_asv303	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv304	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	Nitrosomonas
prok_asv305	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Thalassospiraceae	Thalassospira
prok_asv306	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv307	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv308	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv309	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv310	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv311	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv312	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv313	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv314	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv315	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv316	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv317	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv318	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv319	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
prok_asv320	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv321	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv322	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
prok_asv323	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Photobacterium
prok_asv324	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv325	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv326	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv327	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Yoonia-Loktanella
prok_asv328	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Glaciecola
prok_asv329	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv330	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv331	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv332	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv333	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
prok_asv334	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv335	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv336	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
prok_asv337	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv338	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
prok_asv339	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv340	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv341	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv342	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv343	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv344	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv346	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv347	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv348	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
prok_asv349	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Microtrichaceae uc
prok_asv350	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
prok_asv351	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
prok_asv352	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv353	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
prok_asv354	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv356	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
prok_asv357	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv358	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv359	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv360	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
prok_asv361	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv362	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv363	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv364	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv365	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv366	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv367	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Cerasicoccus
prok_asv368	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv369	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv370	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
prok_asv371	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv372	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
prok_asv373	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiellaceae uc
prok_asv374	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Synechococcales	Cyanobiaceae	Synechococcus
prok_asv375	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv376	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv377	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv378	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
prok_asv379	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv380	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv381	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv382	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Yoonia-Loktanella
prok_asv383	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv384	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Aliivibrio
prok_asv385	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv386	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv387	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
prok_asv388	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv389	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	NS11-12	NS11-12 uc
prok_asv390	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv391	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv392	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv393	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv394	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv395	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv396	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv397	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
prok_asv398	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv399	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv400	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv401	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv402	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv403	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	P.palmC41	P.palmC41 uc	P.palmC41 uc
prok_asv404	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv405	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Oleispira
prok_asv406	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv407	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv408	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv409	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv410	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv411	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
prok_asv412	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv413	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv414	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv415	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv416	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
prok_asv417	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv418	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv419	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv420	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv421	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv422	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv423	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv424	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv425	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv426	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv427	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	Puniceispirillales uc	Puniceispirillales uc
prok_asv428	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Kangiellaceae uc
prok_asv429	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv430	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv431	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	Porticoccus
prok_asv432	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
prok_asv433	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
prok_asv434	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv435	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv436	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv437	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv438	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
prok_asv439	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv440	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv441	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	Puniceispirillales uc	Puniceispirillales uc
prok_asv442	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Marinomonadaceae	Marinomonas
prok_asv443	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv445	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv446	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv447	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv448	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv449	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Hoeflea
prok_asv450	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv451	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	KF-JG30-B3	KF-JG30-B3 uc
prok_asv452	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv453	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
prok_asv454	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv455	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv456	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv457	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv458	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv459	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv461	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv462	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv463	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Alcanivoracaceae1	Alcanivorax
prok_asv464	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv465	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SM23-30	SM23-30 uc
prok_asv466	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv467	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinota uc	Nitrospinota uc	Nitrospinota uc	Nitrospinota uc
prok_asv468	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
prok_asv469	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv470	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv471	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv472	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv473	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Idiomarinaceae	Idiomarina
prok_asv474	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv475	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv476	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv477	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv478	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv479	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	EF100-94H03	EF100-94H03 uc
prok_asv480	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv481	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	Parvibaculaceae	Parvibaculaceae uc
prok_asv482	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Pseudofulvibacter
prok_asv483	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv484	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
prok_asv486	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv487	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv488	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
prok_asv489	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv490	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv491	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	C1-B045
prok_asv493	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv494	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
prok_asv495	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv496	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv497	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Bythopirellula
prok_asv498	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv499	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv500	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv501	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc
prok_asv502	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Rhodanobacteraceae	Rhodanobacter
prok_asv503	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv504	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv505	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv506	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv507	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv508	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
prok_asv510	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Pelagicoccus
prok_asv511	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv512	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv513	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv514	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv515	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv516	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv517	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv518	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade III	SAR11 Clade III uc
prok_asv519	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv520	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv521	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv522	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Hoeflea
prok_asv523	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv524	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv525	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SS1-B-07-19	SS1-B-07-19 uc	SS1-B-07-19 uc
prok_asv526	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv527	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv528	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Ilumatobacteraceae	Ilumatobacter
prok_asv529	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv530	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv531	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv532	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
prok_asv533	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv534	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv535	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
prok_asv536	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv537	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv538	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv539	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
prok_asv540	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv542	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv543	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv544	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv545	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv546	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
prok_asv547	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
prok_asv549	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv550	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv551	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
prok_asv552	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv553	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv554	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv555	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Pelagicoccus
prok_asv556	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv557	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS2b
prok_asv558	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv559	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv560	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv561	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
prok_asv562	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv563	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv564	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv565	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv566	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
prok_asv569	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv570	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv572	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv573	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv574	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Cand_Aquiluna
prok_asv575	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv576	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv578	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv579	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	IS-44
prok_asv580	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv582	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv583	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv584	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv585	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv586	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv587	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
prok_asv588	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv589	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	P9X2b3D02	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc
prok_asv590	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv591	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv592	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv593	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv594	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv595	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv596	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
prok_asv597	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Pseudofulvibacter
prok_asv598	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HgCo23	HgCo23 uc	HgCo23 uc
prok_asv599	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv600	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv601	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv602	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	P9X2b3D02	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc
prok_asv603	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc
prok_asv604	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv605	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Pseudofulvibacter
prok_asv606	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Opitutaceae	Diplosphaera
prok_asv607	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv608	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv609	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv610	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv611	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv612	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv613	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv614	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
prok_asv615	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
prok_asv616	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv617	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv618	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv619	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv620	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv621	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv622	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv623	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv624	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv625	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv626	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv627	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv628	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv629	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Thalassobius
prok_asv630	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv631	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv632	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv633	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv634	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv635	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv636	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv637	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Octadecabacter
prok_asv638	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv639	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
prok_asv641	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv642	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv643	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv644	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv646	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv647	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv648	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv649	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv650	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Escherichia/Shigella
prok_asv651	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv652	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv653	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv654	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv655	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv656	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv657	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv659	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv660	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Synechococcales	Cyanobiaceae	Synechococcus
prok_asv661	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv662	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv663	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv664	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Stenotrophomonas
prok_asv665	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv666	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv667	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Salinirepens
prok_asv668	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
prok_asv669	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv670	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv671	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv672	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv673	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv674	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv675	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv677	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv678	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Paraperlucidibaca
prok_asv679	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv680	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv681	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv682	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Enhydrobacter
prok_asv683	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas
prok_asv684	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv685	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv686	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv687	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv689	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv690	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv691	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	Porticoccus
prok_asv692	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv693	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv695	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv696	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv697	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
prok_asv698	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv699	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
prok_asv700	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv701	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv702	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Marinoscillum
prok_asv703	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv704	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Pedosphaerales	Pedosphaeraceae	SCGC_AAA164-E04
prok_asv705	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv706	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv707	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv708	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Luminiphilus
prok_asv709	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
prok_asv710	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv711	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv712	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv713	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv714	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv715	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv716	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv717	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv718	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv719	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
prok_asv720	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiohalorhabdales	Thiohalorhabdaceae	Thiohalorhabdaceae uc
prok_asv722	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv723	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv724	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv725	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv726	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Owenweeksia
prok_asv727	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv728	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	P9X2b3D02	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc
prok_asv729	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
prok_asv730	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv731	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv732	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Pedosphaerales	Pedosphaeraceae	SCGC_AAA164-E04
prok_asv733	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv734	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv735	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Marinobacteraceae	Marinobacter
prok_asv736	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Tenderiales	Tenderiaceae	Cand_Tenderia
prok_asv737	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv738	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophagaceae uc
prok_asv739	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
prok_asv740	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv741	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv742	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv743	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv744	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
prok_asv745	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv746	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv747	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv748	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv749	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
prok_asv750	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Rhodospirillaceae uc
prok_asv751	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv752	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Devosiaceae	Devosia
prok_asv753	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv754	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv755	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv756	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
prok_asv757	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Salinicola
prok_asv758	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv759	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv760	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv761	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv762	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv763	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
prok_asv764	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv765	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
prok_asv766	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv768	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
prok_asv769	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv770	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv771	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv772	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv773	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv774	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
prok_asv775	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv776	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv777	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiellaceae uc
prok_asv778	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv779	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv780	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv781	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv782	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv783	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
prok_asv784	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv785	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv786	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
prok_asv787	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv788	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv789	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv791	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
prok_asv792	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
prok_asv793	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv794	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv795	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv796	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv797	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv798	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv799	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv800	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv801	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv802	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv803	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
prok_asv804	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv805	Bacteria	Campilobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Arcobacteraceae uc
prok_asv806	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv807	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv808	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	S085	S085 uc	S085 uc
prok_asv809	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv810	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella
prok_asv811	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv812	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv813	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv814	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv815	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv816	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv817	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
prok_asv818	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv819	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv820	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv821	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv822	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv823	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv824	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv825	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv826	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Staphylococcales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus
prok_asv827	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv828	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Roseivirga
prok_asv829	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv830	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv831	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv832	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv834	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv835	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
prok_asv836	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv837	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv838	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv839	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv840	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv841	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv842	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv843	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv844	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv845	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Mesonia
prok_asv846	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv847	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv848	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv849	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv850	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	RS62
prok_asv851	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Psychroserpens
prok_asv852	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv853	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rubripirellula
prok_asv854	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
prok_asv855	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv856	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv857	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv858	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
prok_asv859	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillales uc	Rhodospirillales uc
prok_asv860	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv861	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv862	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Tateyamaria
prok_asv863	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Caulobacter
prok_asv864	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv865	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmata_or	Thermoplasmata_fa	Marine_Group_III
prok_asv866	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv867	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
prok_asv868	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiellaceae uc
prok_asv869	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv870	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv871	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv872	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv873	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv874	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv875	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
prok_asv876	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv877	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv878	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv879	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv880	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv881	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv882	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv883	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
prok_asv884	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Octadecabacter
prok_asv885	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	Parvibaculaceae	Parvibaculaceae uc
prok_asv886	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv887	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
prok_asv888	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv889	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv890	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv891	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv892	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv893	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv894	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Marinoscillum
prok_asv896	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv897	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv898	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv899	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv900	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv901	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv902	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv903	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv904	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv905	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv906	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv908	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv909	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Erysipelothrix
prok_asv910	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv911	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv912	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella
prok_asv913	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv914	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv915	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv916	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
prok_asv917	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv918	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Moritellaceae	Moritella
prok_asv919	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv920	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
prok_asv921	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv922	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv923	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv924	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv925	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophagaceae uc
prok_asv926	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
prok_asv927	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
prok_asv928	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv929	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv930	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Oleibacter
prok_asv931	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv932	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv933	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
prok_asv934	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Thermomonas
prok_asv935	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
prok_asv936	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv937	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv938	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv939	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv940	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
prok_asv941	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv942	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv943	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv944	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv945	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
prok_asv946	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Hyphomonas
prok_asv947	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv949	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
prok_asv950	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv951	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv952	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv953	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv954	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv955	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv956	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
prok_asv957	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv958	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv959	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv960	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv961	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
prok_asv962	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv963	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv964	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv965	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv966	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv967	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
prok_asv968	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv969	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv970	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
prok_asv971	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv972	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv973	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv974	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillales uc	Rhodospirillales uc
prok_asv975	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv976	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv977	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv978	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv979	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv980	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv981	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
prok_asv982	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv983	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv984	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	Parvibaculaceae	Parvibaculaceae uc
prok_asv985	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv986	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
prok_asv987	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
prok_asv988	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv989	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Thermicanales	Thermicanaceae	Thermicanus
prok_asv990	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv991	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
prok_asv992	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv993	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv995	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv996	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv997	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv998	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv999	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv1000	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv1001	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1002	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinaceae	Cand_Actinomarina
prok_asv1003	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv1004	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1005	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1006	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv1007	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv1008	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv1009	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv1010	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
prok_asv1011	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv1012	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv1014	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv1015	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv1016	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv1017	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1018	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1019	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
prok_asv1020	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv1021	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv1022	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
prok_asv1023	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
prok_asv1024	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv1025	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv1027	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv1028	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv1029	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv1030	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv1031	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1032	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1033	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv1034	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1035	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Granulosicoccales	Granulosicoccaceae	Granulosicoccus
prok_asv1036	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv1037	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv1038	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv1039	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv1040	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv1041	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv1042	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv1043	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv1044	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv1045	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1046	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv1047	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv1048	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Yoonia-Loktanella
prok_asv1049	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv1050	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1051	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Nonlabens
prok_asv1052	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv1053	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv1054	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv1055	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv1056	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
prok_asv1057	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1058	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv1059	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv1060	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv1061	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
prok_asv1062	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv1063	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv1064	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1065	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv1066	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv1067	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1068	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Methylococcales	Methylomonadaceae	Milano-WF1B-03
prok_asv1069	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv1070	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv1071	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv1072	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv1073	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv1074	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv1075	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv1076	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv1077	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingobium
prok_asv1078	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv1079	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv1080	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1081	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv1082	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
prok_asv1084	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HgCo23	HgCo23 uc	HgCo23 uc
prok_asv1085	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Herbaspirillum
prok_asv1086	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv1087	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv1088	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv1089	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv1090	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv1091	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
prok_asv1092	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv1093	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv1094	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv1095	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1096	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv1097	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv1098	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	Porticoccus
prok_asv1099	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv1100	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1101	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv1102	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv1103	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
prok_asv1104	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv1105	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	Parvibaculaceae	Mf105b01
prok_asv1106	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv1107	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1108	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1109	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1110	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv1111	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv1112	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv1113	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv1114	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
prok_asv1115	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv1116	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv1117	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv1118	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Tamlana
prok_asv1119	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv1120	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv1121	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv1122	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv1123	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1124	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
prok_asv1125	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv1126	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
prok_asv1127	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
prok_asv1128	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv1129	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1130	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv1131	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv1132	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv1133	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadaceae	Kordiimonas
prok_asv1134	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv1135	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv1136	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv1137	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv1138	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv1139	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv1140	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv1141	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv1142	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
prok_asv1143	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
prok_asv1144	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HgCo23	HgCo23 uc	HgCo23 uc
prok_asv1145	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1146	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv1147	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv1148	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
prok_asv1149	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
prok_asv1150	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv1151	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv1152	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1153	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv1154	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv1155	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv1156	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Maricaulis
prok_asv1157	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv1158	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv1159	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv1160	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
prok_asv1161	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1162	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv1163	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1164	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv1166	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Halobacteriovorax
prok_asv1167	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv1168	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Reyranellales	Reyranellaceae	Reyranella
prok_asv1169	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv1170	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv1171	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
prok_asv1172	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv1173	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv1174	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv1175	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	Methylotenera
prok_asv1176	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv1177	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv1178	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv1179	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1180	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv1181	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv1182	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1183	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1184	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmata_or	Thermoplasmata_fa	Marine_Group_III
prok_asv1185	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv1186	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv1187	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1189	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	Thioglobaceae uc
prok_asv1190	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmata_or	Thermoplasmata_fa	Marine_Group_III
prok_asv1191	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv1192	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1193	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
prok_asv1194	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv1195	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv1196	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
prok_asv1197	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv1198	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
prok_asv1199	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomicaceae uc
prok_asv1200	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv1201	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv1202	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv1203	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv1204	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv1205	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv1207	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv1208	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1209	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv1210	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1211	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv1212	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv1213	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophagaceae uc
prok_asv1214	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade III	SAR11 Clade III uc
prok_asv1215	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
prok_asv1216	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv1217	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv1218	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	Nitrosomonas
prok_asv1219	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv1220	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1221	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv1222	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1225	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1226	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv1227	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1228	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv1229	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1230	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv1231	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
prok_asv1232	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv1233	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv1234	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
prok_asv1235	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv1236	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv1238	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Rhodospirillaceae uc
prok_asv1239	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1240	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomicaceae uc
prok_asv1241	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv1242	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv1243	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
prok_asv1244	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Psychrilyobacter
prok_asv1245	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv1246	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv1247	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Pedosphaerales	Pedosphaeraceae	SCGC_AAA164-E04
prok_asv1248	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv1249	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
prok_asv1250	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
prok_asv1252	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1253	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv1255	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1256	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1257	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1258	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv1260	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1261	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1262	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv1263	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
prok_asv1264	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1265	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv1266	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv1267	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1268	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv1269	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Yoonia-Loktanella
prok_asv1270	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1271	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
prok_asv1272	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Martelella
prok_asv1273	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv1274	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv1275	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1276	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv1277	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
prok_asv1278	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinaceae	Cand_Actinomarina
prok_asv1280	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv1281	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv1283	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv1284	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Afipia
prok_asv1285	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv1286	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv1287	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv1288	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1289	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv1290	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv1291	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv1292	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv1293	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1294	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv1295	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv1296	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	IS-44
prok_asv1297	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Rhodocyclaceae	Dechloromonas
prok_asv1298	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv1299	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv1300	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv1301	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv1302	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv1303	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv1304	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1306	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv1307	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc
prok_asv1308	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
prok_asv1309	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv1310	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
prok_asv1311	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv1312	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1313	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv1314	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv1315	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1316	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv1317	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv1318	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
prok_asv1319	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv1320	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv1321	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv1322	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv1323	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv1324	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv1325	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavicella
prok_asv1326	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv1327	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv1328	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv1329	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv1330	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv1331	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1332	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv1333	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv1334	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv1335	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Brevundimonas
prok_asv1336	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv1337	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
prok_asv1338	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1339	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv1340	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	P9X2b3D02	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc
prok_asv1341	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1342	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
prok_asv1343	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Caulobacteraceae uc
prok_asv1344	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
prok_asv1345	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv1346	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1347	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
prok_asv1348	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
prok_asv1349	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv1350	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv1351	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1352	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv1353	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1355	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv1356	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Olleya
prok_asv1357	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
prok_asv1358	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv1359	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1360	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv1361	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv1362	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv1363	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv1364	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1365	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv1366	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv1367	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cytophagales uc	Cytophagales uc
prok_asv1368	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Sinobacterium
prok_asv1369	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv1370	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1372	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
prok_asv1373	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv1374	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv1375	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1376	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv1378	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv1379	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv1380	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1381	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv1382	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
prok_asv1383	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv1384	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1385	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
prok_asv1386	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv1387	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv1388	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv1389	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv1390	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv1391	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv1392	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv1393	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv1394	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv1395	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv1396	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv1397	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv1398	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1399	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
prok_asv1400	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
prok_asv1401	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv1403	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv1405	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv1406	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv1407	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1408	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv1409	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
prok_asv1410	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv1411	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Tenacibaculum
prok_asv1412	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1413	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
prok_asv1414	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
prok_asv1415	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv1416	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv1417	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
prok_asv1418	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv1419	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv1420	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv1421	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv1422	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv1423	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv1424	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv1425	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv1426	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1427	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv1428	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv1429	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv1431	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Rhodococcus
prok_asv1432	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
prok_asv1433	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
prok_asv1434	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv1435	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Psychrobium
prok_asv1436	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1438	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella
prok_asv1439	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv1440	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
prok_asv1441	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
prok_asv1442	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales_Incertae_Sedis	Bauldia
prok_asv1443	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1444	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobiaceae uc
prok_asv1446	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv1447	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv1448	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv1449	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Fabibacter
prok_asv1450	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
prok_asv1451	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1452	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv1453	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv1454	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Psychrobium
prok_asv1455	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Pedosphaerales	Pedosphaeraceae	SCGC_AAA164-E04
prok_asv1457	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Oleispira
prok_asv1458	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Varunaivibrio
prok_asv1459	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv1460	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv1461	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv1462	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv1463	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv1464	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv1465	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
prok_asv1466	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1467	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv1468	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv1469	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv1470	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1471	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
prok_asv1472	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1473	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv1474	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1475	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oleiphilaceae	Oleiphilus
prok_asv1476	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv1477	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Cand_Ovatusbacter
prok_asv1478	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
prok_asv1479	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv1480	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv1481	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Dokdonia
prok_asv1482	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	Methylotenera
prok_asv1483	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv1484	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
prok_asv1485	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv1486	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1487	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
prok_asv1488	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Pseudofulvibacter
prok_asv1489	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	KD3-93	KD3-93 uc
prok_asv1490	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv1491	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv1492	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv1493	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1494	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv1495	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv1496	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv1497	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv1498	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
prok_asv1499	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv1500	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv1501	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv1502	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
prok_asv1503	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv1504	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv1505	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
prok_asv1506	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv1507	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv1508	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv1509	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv1510	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv1511	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Rhodospirillaceae uc
prok_asv1512	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv1513	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv1514	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv1515	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SS1-B-07-19	SS1-B-07-19 uc	SS1-B-07-19 uc
prok_asv1516	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
prok_asv1517	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
prok_asv1518	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv1519	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Thalassotalea
prok_asv1520	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv1521	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc
prok_asv1522	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	OCS116	OCS116 uc
prok_asv1524	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1525	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv1526	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv1527	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv1528	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv1529	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv1530	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
prok_asv1532	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv1533	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
prok_asv1534	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv1535	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv1536	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv1537	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv1538	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquibacter
prok_asv1539	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1540	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv1541	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv1542	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	Arctic95B-14	Arctic95B-14 uc
prok_asv1543	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv1544	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	FS142-36B-02
prok_asv1545	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1546	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv1547	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv1548	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv1549	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
prok_asv1550	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1551	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv1552	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
prok_asv1553	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	Nitrosococcaceae uc
prok_asv1554	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv1555	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv1556	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv1557	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
prok_asv1558	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv1559	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv1560	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
prok_asv1561	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1562	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
prok_asv1563	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv1564	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Sediminicola
prok_asv1565	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv1566	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv1567	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv1568	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv1569	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv1570	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv1571	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1573	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1574	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv1575	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv1576	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1577	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Pelagicoccus
prok_asv1578	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv1579	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv1580	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1581	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
prok_asv1582	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv1583	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1584	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Cocleimonas
prok_asv1585	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv1586	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv1587	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv1588	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv1589	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
prok_asv1590	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv1592	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv1593	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1594	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	FS142-36B-02
prok_asv1595	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv1597	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
prok_asv1598	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1599	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv1600	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv1601	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv1602	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1603	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv1604	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv1605	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Variovorax
prok_asv1606	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv1607	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv1608	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SS1-B-07-19	SS1-B-07-19 uc	SS1-B-07-19 uc
prok_asv1609	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv1610	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv1611	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv1612	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv1613	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1614	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv1615	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1616	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv1617	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv1618	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv1619	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv1620	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
prok_asv1621	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1622	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
prok_asv1623	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv1624	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv1625	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
prok_asv1626	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinifilaceae	Marinifilum
prok_asv1627	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv1628	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv1629	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria uc	Actinobacteria uc	Actinobacteria uc
prok_asv1630	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oleiphilaceae	Oleiphilus
prok_asv1631	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv1632	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv1634	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv1635	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv1636	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
prok_asv1637	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv1638	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv1639	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv1640	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Tenacibaculum
prok_asv1641	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1642	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv1643	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1644	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv1645	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
prok_asv1646	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv1647	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
prok_asv1648	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1649	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maritimimonas
prok_asv1650	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
prok_asv1651	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv1652	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv1653	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv1654	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmata_or	Thermoplasmata_fa	Marine_Group_III
prok_asv1655	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Saccharospirillaceae uc
prok_asv1656	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Vampirivibrionia	Obscuribacterales	Obscuribacteraceae	Cand_Obscuribacter
prok_asv1657	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
prok_asv1658	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv1659	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv1660	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Moritellaceae	Moritella
prok_asv1661	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Persicirhabdus
prok_asv1662	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv1663	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv1664	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
prok_asv1665	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv1666	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
prok_asv1667	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv1668	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv1669	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv1670	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv1671	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Roseivirga
prok_asv1672	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
prok_asv1673	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_5	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc
prok_asv1674	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
prok_asv1675	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter
prok_asv1676	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv1677	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv1678	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv1679	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
prok_asv1680	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv1681	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1682	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv1683	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1684	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1685	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingorhabdus
prok_asv1686	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv1687	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv1688	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	Methylotenera
prok_asv1689	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv1690	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1691	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv1693	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
prok_asv1694	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1695	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv1697	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1698	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
prok_asv1699	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv1700	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv1701	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv1702	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv1703	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv1704	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv1705	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	028H05-P-BN-P5	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc
prok_asv1706	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv1707	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Synechococcales	Cyanobiaceae	Synechococcus
prok_asv1708	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv1709	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv1710	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv1711	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
prok_asv1712	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_21	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc
prok_asv1714	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv1715	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv1716	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Caulobacter
prok_asv1717	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1718	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv1719	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv1720	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv1721	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	Parvibaculaceae	Parvibaculum
prok_asv1722	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv1723	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Octadecabacter
prok_asv1725	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1726	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1727	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS3a
prok_asv1728	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv1729	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Pedosphaerales	Pedosphaeraceae	SCGC_AAA164-E04
prok_asv1730	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv1731	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
prok_asv1732	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1733	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1734	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv1735	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv1736	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
prok_asv1737	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv1738	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
prok_asv1739	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv1740	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1741	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv1743	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv1744	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
prok_asv1745	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Curvibacter
prok_asv1746	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1747	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv1748	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv1749	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Marinoscillum
prok_asv1750	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv1751	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv1752	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv1753	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv1754	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv1755	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv1756	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1757	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HgCo23	HgCo23 uc	HgCo23 uc
prok_asv1758	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1759	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv1760	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv1761	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomicaceae uc
prok_asv1762	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Brevundimonas
prok_asv1763	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Yoonia-Loktanella
prok_asv1764	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv1765	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
prok_asv1766	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv1767	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv1768	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv1769	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv1770	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
prok_asv1771	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv1772	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1773	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv1774	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquibacter
prok_asv1775	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1776	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
prok_asv1777	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv1778	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv1779	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv1780	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1781	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1782	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv1783	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
prok_asv1784	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv1785	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv1786	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1787	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
prok_asv1788	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv1789	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
prok_asv1790	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv1791	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv1792	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_26	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc
prok_asv1793	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv1794	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1795	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv1796	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv1797	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv1798	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv1799	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv1800	Bacteria	Fibrobacterota	Fibrobacteria	Fibrobacterales	Fibrobacterales uc	Fibrobacterales uc
prok_asv1801	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1802	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv1803	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv1804	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv1805	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1806	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Oleispira
prok_asv1807	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv1808	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1809	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	Arctic95B-14	Arctic95B-14 uc
prok_asv1810	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1811	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella
prok_asv1812	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv1813	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv1814	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv1815	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1816	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Lentilitoribacter
prok_asv1817	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv1818	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv1819	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Lentilitoribacter
prok_asv1820	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv1821	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv1822	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv1823	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv1824	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1825	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv1826	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv1827	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv1828	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
prok_asv1829	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv1830	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1832	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv1833	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	P9X2b3D02	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc
prok_asv1834	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1835	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv1837	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
prok_asv1838	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv1839	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Bradyrhizobium
prok_asv1842	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv1843	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv1844	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1845	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv1846	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinota uc	Nitrospinota uc	Nitrospinota uc	Nitrospinota uc
prok_asv1847	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv1848	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv1849	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv1850	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv1851	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Galbitalea
prok_asv1852	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
prok_asv1853	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1854	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv1855	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1856	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
prok_asv1857	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
prok_asv1858	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv1859	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv1860	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv1861	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Algimonas
prok_asv1862	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv1863	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv1864	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1865	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv1866	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv1867	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Lentimicrobiaceae	Lentimicrobiaceae uc
prok_asv1868	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1869	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv1870	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv1871	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
prok_asv1872	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv1873	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv1874	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv1875	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
prok_asv1876	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv1877	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv1878	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Hydrogenophilaceae	Tepidiphilus
prok_asv1879	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv1880	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1881	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv1882	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1883	Bacteria	Deinococcota	Deinococci	Thermales	Thermaceae	Thermus
prok_asv1884	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1885	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv1886	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv1887	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv1888	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
prok_asv1889	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
prok_asv1890	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv1891	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc
prok_asv1892	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv1893	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1894	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1895	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv1896	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1897	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv1898	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv1899	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv1900	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv1902	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv1903	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	P.palmC41	P.palmC41 uc	P.palmC41 uc
prok_asv1904	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
prok_asv1905	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
prok_asv1906	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv1907	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv1908	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
prok_asv1909	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv1910	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv1912	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Reyranellales	Reyranellaceae	Reyranella
prok_asv1913	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	BD7-8	BD7-8 uc	BD7-8 uc
prok_asv1914	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv1915	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv1916	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
prok_asv1917	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv1918	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv1919	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Pelagicoccus
prok_asv1920	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv1921	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv1922	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter
prok_asv1923	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv1924	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Microtrichaceae uc
prok_asv1925	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1926	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv1927	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv1928	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
prok_asv1930	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv1931	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter
prok_asv1932	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingorhabdus
prok_asv1933	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv1934	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1935	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv1936	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1937	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv1938	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv1939	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Kocuria
prok_asv1940	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
prok_asv1941	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv1942	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1944	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1945	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv1946	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv1947	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
prok_asv1948	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv1949	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1950	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv1952	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv1953	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1954	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv1955	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1956	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1957	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv1958	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1960	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
prok_asv1961	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	P.palmC41	P.palmC41 uc	P.palmC41 uc
prok_asv1962	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1963	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1964	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
prok_asv1965	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
prok_asv1967	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
prok_asv1968	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv1969	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1970	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1971	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv1972	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv1973	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv1975	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv1976	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv1979	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingobium
prok_asv1980	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv1981	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1982	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv1983	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv1984	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv1985	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rubripirellula
prok_asv1986	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv1988	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv1989	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv1990	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv1991	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv1993	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv1994	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv1995	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv1996	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv1997	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv1998	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Yoonia-Loktanella
prok_asv1999	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv2000	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv2001	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2003	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Luteolibacter
prok_asv2004	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv2005	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv2006	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv2008	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2009	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas
prok_asv2010	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
prok_asv2011	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv2012	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv2013	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv2014	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv2015	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophagaceae uc
prok_asv2016	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2017	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv2018	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Luteolibacter
prok_asv2019	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv2020	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2021	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv2022	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv2023	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
prok_asv2024	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv2025	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2026	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	Puniceispirillales uc	Puniceispirillales uc
prok_asv2027	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv2028	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv2029	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv2030	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv2031	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv2032	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv2033	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv2034	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv2035	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv2036	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2037	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium
prok_asv2039	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Sinobacterium
prok_asv2040	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2041	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	053A03-B-DI-P58	053A03-B-DI-P58 uc	053A03-B-DI-P58 uc
prok_asv2042	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv2043	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2044	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Pedosphaerales	Pedosphaeraceae	SCGC_AAA164-E04
prok_asv2045	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Caulobacteraceae uc
prok_asv2046	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2047	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Tenderiales	Tenderiaceae	Cand_Tenderia
prok_asv2048	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv2049	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Solirubrobacterales	67-14	67-14 uc
prok_asv2050	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2051	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv2052	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv2053	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv2054	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
prok_asv2055	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinifilaceae	Marinifilum
prok_asv2056	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2057	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv2058	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv2059	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter
prok_asv2061	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv2062	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv2063	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv2065	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv2066	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv2067	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv2068	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv2069	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv2070	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
prok_asv2071	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
prok_asv2072	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv2073	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv2074	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
prok_asv2075	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
prok_asv2076	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2077	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
prok_asv2078	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv2079	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade III	SAR11 Clade III uc
prok_asv2081	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Octadecabacter
prok_asv2082	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2083	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv2084	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2085	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv2086	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2087	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv2088	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
prok_asv2089	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv2090	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv2091	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
prok_asv2092	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
prok_asv2093	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2094	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv2095	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv2096	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv2097	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	028H05-P-BN-P5	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc
prok_asv2098	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Vampirivibrionia	Obscuribacterales	Obscuribacteraceae	Obscuribacteraceae uc
prok_asv2099	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv2100	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Albimonas
prok_asv2101	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv2102	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv2103	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv2104	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv2106	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Allofrancisella
prok_asv2107	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
prok_asv2108	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
prok_asv2109	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
prok_asv2110	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv2111	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv2113	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
prok_asv2114	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
prok_asv2115	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2116	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv2117	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2118	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv2119	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv2120	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv2121	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
prok_asv2122	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Saccharophagus
prok_asv2123	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
prok_asv2124	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv2125	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv2126	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv2127	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv2129	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv2130	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv2131	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv2132	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv2133	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv2134	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Rhodospirillaceae uc
prok_asv2135	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv2136	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales_Incertae_Sedis	Bauldia
prok_asv2137	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Psychromonadaceae	Psychromonas
prok_asv2138	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv2139	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv2140	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv2141	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv2142	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv2143	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv2144	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
prok_asv2145	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv2146	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2147	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv2148	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2149	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv2150	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv2151	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2152	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2153	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
prok_asv2154	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv2155	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv2156	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv2157	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv2158	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv2159	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv2160	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv2161	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
prok_asv2162	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetes uc	Planctomycetes uc	Planctomycetes uc
prok_asv2163	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Vibrionimonas
prok_asv2164	Archaea	Halobacterota	Halobacteria	Halobacterales	Halomicrobiaceae	Halomicrobiaceae uc
prok_asv2165	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Tenacibaculum
prok_asv2166	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Oleispira
prok_asv2167	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv2168	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv2169	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Albimonas
prok_asv2170	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv2171	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophagaceae uc
prok_asv2172	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv2173	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2174	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv2175	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv2176	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv2177	Bacteria	AncK6	AncK6 uc	AncK6 uc	AncK6 uc	AncK6 uc
prok_asv2178	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Rhodoferax
prok_asv2179	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinaceae	Cand_Actinomarina
prok_asv2180	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv2181	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2182	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2183	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv2184	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv2185	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv2186	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2187	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_5	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc
prok_asv2188	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv2189	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella
prok_asv2190	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv2191	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonadaceae uc
prok_asv2192	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2193	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv2194	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv2195	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv2196	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Acidovorax
prok_asv2197	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv2198	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv2199	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Vampirivibrionia	Obscuribacterales	Obscuribacteraceae	Cand_Obscuribacter
prok_asv2200	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
prok_asv2201	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv2202	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv2203	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv2204	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv2205	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2206	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv2207	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2208	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv2209	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
prok_asv2210	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv2211	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv2212	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2213	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv2214	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv2215	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv2216	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
prok_asv2217	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2218	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_21	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc
prok_asv2219	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv2220	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2221	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2222	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Kordia
prok_asv2223	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv2224	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
prok_asv2225	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv2226	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv2227	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2228	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv2229	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv2230	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2231	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	MWH-UniP1_aquatic_group	MWH-UniP1_aquatic_group uc
prok_asv2232	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Dokdonia
prok_asv2233	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv2234	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2235	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv2236	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
prok_asv2237	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv2238	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv2239	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv2240	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv2241	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv2243	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	Methylotenera
prok_asv2244	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
prok_asv2245	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv2246	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv2247	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv2248	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv2249	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv2250	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
prok_asv2251	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
prok_asv2252	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv2253	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2254	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv2255	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
prok_asv2256	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv2257	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2258	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv2259	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv2260	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Cognatiyoonia
prok_asv2261	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
prok_asv2262	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv2263	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv2264	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv2265	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
prok_asv2266	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2267	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv2268	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Oxalobacteraceae uc
prok_asv2269	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv2270	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv2271	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv2272	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
prok_asv2273	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv2274	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv2275	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Sediminicola
prok_asv2276	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv2277	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	ML602J-51
prok_asv2278	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv2279	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv2280	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv2282	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv2283	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv2284	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
prok_asv2285	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv2286	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisella
prok_asv2287	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv2289	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2290	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2291	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv2292	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Brevundimonas
prok_asv2293	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv2294	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv2295	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv2296	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2297	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv2298	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv2299	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv2300	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv2301	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HgCo23	HgCo23 uc	HgCo23 uc
prok_asv2302	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv2303	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	Arctic95B-14	Arctic95B-14 uc
prok_asv2304	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Halobacteriovorax
prok_asv2305	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv2306	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Marine_Benthic_Group_A	Marine_Benthic_Group_A uc	Marine_Benthic_Group_A uc
prok_asv2307	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv2308	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv2310	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv2311	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv2312	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2313	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv2314	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv2315	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2316	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv2317	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv2318	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv2319	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2320	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
prok_asv2321	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2322	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv2323	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
prok_asv2324	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2325	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv2326	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv2327	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv2328	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv2329	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Marivirga
prok_asv2330	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquimarina
prok_asv2331	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv2332	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Idiomarinaceae	Idiomarina
prok_asv2333	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv2334	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv2335	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
prok_asv2336	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv2337	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Cloacibacterium
prok_asv2338	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2339	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv2340	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv2341	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv2342	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
prok_asv2343	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomicaceae uc
prok_asv2344	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv2345	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2346	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv2347	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
prok_asv2348	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv2349	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv2350	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2351	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv2352	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv2353	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv2354	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2355	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2356	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv2357	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2358	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2359	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavicella
prok_asv2360	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv2361	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2362	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv2363	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv2364	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	MBAE14	MBAE14 uc	MBAE14 uc
prok_asv2365	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv2366	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv2368	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Aliivibrio
prok_asv2369	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv2370	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv2371	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv2372	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
prok_asv2373	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Hyphomicrobiaceae	Filomicrobium
prok_asv2374	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv2375	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2376	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv2377	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv2378	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv2379	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv2380	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
prok_asv2381	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2382	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2383	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv2384	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv2385	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Chromatiaceae	Cand_Thiobios
prok_asv2386	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Saccharospirillaceae uc
prok_asv2387	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv2388	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
prok_asv2389	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2390	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2391	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2392	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
prok_asv2393	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv2395	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Allofrancisella
prok_asv2396	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv2397	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Litoricolaceae	Litoricola
prok_asv2398	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2399	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2400	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv2401	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2402	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
prok_asv2403	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv2404	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv2405	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
prok_asv2406	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2407	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
prok_asv2409	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv2410	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv2411	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv2412	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Shimia
prok_asv2413	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv2414	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv2415	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv2416	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv2417	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
prok_asv2418	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2419	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2420	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv2421	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv2422	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv2424	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2425	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv2426	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv2427	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv2428	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Bradyrhizobium
prok_asv2429	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv2430	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv2431	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2432	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
prok_asv2433	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv2434	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv2436	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	0319-6G20	0319-6G20 uc	0319-6G20 uc
prok_asv2437	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv2438	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv2439	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	Puniceispirillales uc	Puniceispirillales uc
prok_asv2440	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv2441	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv2442	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv2443	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv2444	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2445	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2446	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv2447	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv2448	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
prok_asv2449	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2450	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv2451	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2452	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
prok_asv2453	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2454	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv2455	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2456	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
prok_asv2457	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv2458	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Verticiella
prok_asv2459	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
prok_asv2460	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2462	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Vibrionimonas
prok_asv2463	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv2464	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2466	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
prok_asv2467	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	P13-46	P13-46 uc
prok_asv2468	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2470	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv2471	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	P.palmC41	P.palmC41 uc	P.palmC41 uc
prok_asv2472	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv2473	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv2474	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv2475	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv2476	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2477	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2478	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv2479	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2480	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv2482	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv2483	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv2484	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
prok_asv2486	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv2487	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv2488	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv2489	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2490	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2491	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2492	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
prok_asv2493	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv2494	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2495	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
prok_asv2496	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv2497	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv2498	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv2499	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv2500	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv2501	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2502	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
prok_asv2503	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv2504	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv2505	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
prok_asv2506	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv2507	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv2508	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2509	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv2510	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv2511	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Curvibacter
prok_asv2512	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2513	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv2514	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
prok_asv2515	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
prok_asv2516	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv2517	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv2518	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
prok_asv2519	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv2520	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv2521	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv2522	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv2523	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2524	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2525	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv2526	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv2527	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Leifsonia
prok_asv2528	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Marine_Benthic_Group_A	Marine_Benthic_Group_A uc	Marine_Benthic_Group_A uc
prok_asv2529	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2530	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2531	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
prok_asv2532	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2533	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2534	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv2535	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
prok_asv2536	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv2538	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv2539	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv2540	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv2541	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv2542	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2543	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2544	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2545	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv2546	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv2547	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv2548	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HgCo23	HgCo23 uc	HgCo23 uc
prok_asv2550	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincola
prok_asv2551	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
prok_asv2552	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv2553	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2554	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv2555	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Lentilitoribacter
prok_asv2556	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2557	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
prok_asv2558	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	Cm1-21
prok_asv2559	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2560	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv2561	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv2562	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv2563	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella
prok_asv2564	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
prok_asv2565	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Dermacoccaceae	Dermacoccus
prok_asv2566	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv2567	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
prok_asv2568	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv2569	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv2570	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2571	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2572	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv2573	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
prok_asv2574	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv2575	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv2576	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv2577	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Curvibacter
prok_asv2578	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv2579	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2580	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Gaiellales	Gaiellales uc	Gaiellales uc
prok_asv2581	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv2582	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv2583	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	BIrii41	BIrii41 uc
prok_asv2584	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
prok_asv2585	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv2587	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
prok_asv2588	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv2589	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv2590	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2591	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv2592	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2593	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv2594	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
prok_asv2595	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv2596	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	OCS116	OCS116 uc
prok_asv2597	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv2598	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
prok_asv2599	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv2600	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv2602	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv2603	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv2605	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Spirosomaceae	Spirosomaceae uc
prok_asv2607	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2608	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella
prok_asv2609	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv2610	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
prok_asv2611	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2612	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2613	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2614	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv2615	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Elsterales	Elsteraceae	Elsteraceae uc
prok_asv2616	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv2617	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv2618	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv2619	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2620	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv2621	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_21	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc
prok_asv2622	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
prok_asv2623	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv2624	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv2625	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv2626	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
prok_asv2627	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv2628	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Zavarziniales	Zavarziniales uc	Zavarziniales uc
prok_asv2629	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv2630	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
prok_asv2632	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv2633	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	BIrii41	BIrii41 uc
prok_asv2634	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv2635	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv2636	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv2637	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Balneolales	Balneolaceae	Balneola
prok_asv2638	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv2639	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2640	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv2641	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv2642	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv2643	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Marinomonadaceae	Marinomonas
prok_asv2644	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	NS11-12	NS11-12 uc
prok_asv2645	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv2646	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv2647	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv2648	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv2649	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Chitinophagaceae uc
prok_asv2650	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2651	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv2652	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomicaceae uc
prok_asv2653	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
prok_asv2654	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv2655	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
prok_asv2657	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2658	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiella
prok_asv2659	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv2660	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv2661	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2662	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	Nitrosococcaceae uc
prok_asv2663	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2664	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2665	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv2666	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv2667	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
prok_asv2668	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv2669	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv2670	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
prok_asv2671	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Variovorax
prok_asv2672	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv2673	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2674	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv2675	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv2676	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Dokdonia
prok_asv2677	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2678	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
prok_asv2679	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv2680	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2681	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2682	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
prok_asv2683	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv2684	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2685	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2686	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
prok_asv2687	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	Cm1-21
prok_asv2688	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv2689	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
prok_asv2690	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv2691	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Bradyrhizobium
prok_asv2692	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2693	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv2695	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2696	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv2697	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc
prok_asv2698	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2699	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv2700	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2701	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2702	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2703	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv2704	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv2705	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Microtrichaceae uc
prok_asv2706	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2707	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv2708	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinaceae	Cand_Actinomarina
prok_asv2709	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2710	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv2711	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	Puniceispirillales uc	Puniceispirillales uc
prok_asv2712	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv2713	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv2714	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv2715	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv2716	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
prok_asv2717	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv2718	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2719	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv2720	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv2721	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv2722	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2723	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2726	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2727	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv2728	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv2729	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv2730	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv2732	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2733	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Salinirepens
prok_asv2734	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Thalassotalea
prok_asv2735	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
prok_asv2736	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
prok_asv2737	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2738	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv2739	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv2740	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv2741	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Saccharospirillaceae uc
prok_asv2742	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2743	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Reyranellales	Reyranellaceae	Reyranella
prok_asv2744	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv2745	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv2746	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv2747	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv2748	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv2749	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
prok_asv2751	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
prok_asv2752	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv2753	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2754	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv2755	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv2756	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
prok_asv2757	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
prok_asv2758	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2759	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Methylococcales	Methylomonadaceae	Methyloprofundus
prok_asv2760	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv2761	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv2762	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2763	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv2764	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Tenderiales	Tenderiaceae	Cand_Tenderia
prok_asv2765	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv2766	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv2767	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2768	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv2769	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
prok_asv2770	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv2771	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv2773	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv2775	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv2776	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv2777	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv2778	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv2779	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv2780	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2781	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv2782	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv2783	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv2784	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc
prok_asv2785	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv2786	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS3a
prok_asv2787	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2788	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv2790	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2791	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv2792	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv2793	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv2794	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv2795	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv2796	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv2797	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv2798	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv2799	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv2800	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
prok_asv2801	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2802	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Ferruginibacter
prok_asv2803	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
prok_asv2804	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2805	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv2806	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2807	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Acidobacteriae	PAUC26f	PAUC26f uc	PAUC26f uc
prok_asv2808	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
prok_asv2809	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2810	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv2811	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2812	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv2814	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv2816	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv2817	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
prok_asv2818	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv2819	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2820	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
prok_asv2821	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
prok_asv2822	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv2823	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv2824	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2825	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv2826	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv2827	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv2828	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2829	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	P0X4b2H11	P0X4b2H11 uc	P0X4b2H11 uc
prok_asv2830	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv2831	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	Porticoccus
prok_asv2832	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Psychrobium
prok_asv2833	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Synechococcales	Cyanobiaceae	Synechococcus
prok_asv2834	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv2835	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv2836	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv2837	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2838	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2839	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv2840	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv2841	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv2842	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	PeM15	PeM15 uc	PeM15 uc
prok_asv2843	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv2844	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv2845	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2846	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv2847	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2848	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv2849	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv2850	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
prok_asv2851	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
prok_asv2852	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv2853	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv2854	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv2855	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv2856	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv2857	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2858	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv2859	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv2860	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv2861	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2862	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella
prok_asv2863	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv2864	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv2865	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv2866	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
prok_asv2867	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
prok_asv2868	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
prok_asv2869	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv2870	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Profundimonas
prok_asv2871	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv2872	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
prok_asv2873	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv2874	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv2875	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillales uc	Rhodospirillales uc
prok_asv2876	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Staphylococcales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus
prok_asv2877	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv2878	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv2879	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
prok_asv2880	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv2881	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2882	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2884	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv2885	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv2886	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2887	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv2888	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv2889	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv2890	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv2891	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
prok_asv2892	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2893	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv2894	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
prok_asv2895	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv2896	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv2897	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv2898	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
prok_asv2899	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv2900	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Haloferula
prok_asv2901	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv2902	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv2903	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
prok_asv2904	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella
prok_asv2905	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv2906	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Marinobacteraceae	Marinobacter
prok_asv2907	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	TK17	TK17 uc	TK17 uc	TK17 uc
prok_asv2908	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
prok_asv2909	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
prok_asv2910	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv2911	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
prok_asv2912	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv2913	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv2914	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	Nitrosomonas
prok_asv2915	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
prok_asv2916	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv2917	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv2918	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2920	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv2921	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv2922	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Lentimicrobiaceae	Lentimicrobiaceae uc
prok_asv2923	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
prok_asv2924	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv2925	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv2926	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Synechococcales	Cyanobiaceae	Synechococcus
prok_asv2927	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2928	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2929	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Halobacteriovorax
prok_asv2930	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv2931	Bacteria	Campilobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Sulfurovaceae	Sulfurovum
prok_asv2932	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
prok_asv2933	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
prok_asv2934	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv2935	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv2936	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv2937	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv2938	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiellaceae uc
prok_asv2939	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SS1-B-07-19	SS1-B-07-19 uc	SS1-B-07-19 uc
prok_asv2940	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv2941	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2942	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
prok_asv2943	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
prok_asv2944	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Aquabacterium
prok_asv2945	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv2946	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv2947	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv2948	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv2949	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv2951	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiellaceae uc
prok_asv2953	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2954	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv2955	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
prok_asv2956	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv2957	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
prok_asv2958	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv2959	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv2960	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv2961	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	Gracilibacteria uc	Gracilibacteria uc	Gracilibacteria uc
prok_asv2962	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv2964	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	IS-44
prok_asv2965	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2966	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Dasania
prok_asv2967	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Lentibacter
prok_asv2968	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorpha
prok_asv2970	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv2971	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv2972	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Caulobacter
prok_asv2973	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv2974	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiella
prok_asv2975	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv2976	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2977	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv2978	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv2979	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Psychroflexus
prok_asv2980	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv2981	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Kordia
prok_asv2982	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv2983	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2984	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Aquabacterium
prok_asv2985	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
prok_asv2986	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
prok_asv2987	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
prok_asv2988	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2989	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Phyllobacterium
prok_asv2990	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv2991	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv2992	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Sediminibacterium
prok_asv2993	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv2994	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv2995	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Bradyrhizobium
prok_asv2996	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
prok_asv2997	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv2998	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Micrococcus
prok_asv2999	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	Methylotenera
prok_asv3000	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	Porticoccus
prok_asv3001	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
prok_asv3002	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv3003	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Microtrichaceae uc
prok_asv3004	Archaea	Halobacterota	Halobacteria	Halobacterales	Halomicrobiaceae	Halomicrobiaceae uc
prok_asv3005	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv3006	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv3007	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Thalassospiraceae	Thalassospira
prok_asv3008	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
prok_asv3009	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv3010	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv3011	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3012	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv3013	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Marinobacterium
prok_asv3014	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv3015	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
prok_asv3016	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv3018	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv3019	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	Cm1-21
prok_asv3020	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Granulosicoccales	Granulosicoccaceae	Granulosicoccus
prok_asv3021	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3022	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
prok_asv3023	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
prok_asv3024	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HgCo23	HgCo23 uc	HgCo23 uc
prok_asv3025	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
prok_asv3026	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv3027	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
prok_asv3028	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	FS142-36B-02
prok_asv3029	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter
prok_asv3030	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv3031	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
prok_asv3032	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Stenotrophomonas
prok_asv3034	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv3036	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv3037	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3038	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
prok_asv3039	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv3040	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3041	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv3042	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
prok_asv3043	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv3044	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Sediminibacterium
prok_asv3045	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
prok_asv3046	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv3047	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv3048	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
prok_asv3049	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3050	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv3051	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
prok_asv3054	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv3055	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv3056	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
prok_asv3058	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv3059	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv3060	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Erythrobacter
prok_asv3061	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv3062	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3063	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv3064	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv3065	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv3066	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv3067	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv3068	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv3069	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv3070	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv3071	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv3072	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv3073	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv3074	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv3075	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
prok_asv3076	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv3077	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Moraxella
prok_asv3078	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv3079	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv3080	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
prok_asv3081	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv3083	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv3084	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
prok_asv3085	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv3086	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv3088	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv3089	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
prok_asv3090	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv3091	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv3092	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorpha
prok_asv3093	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv3094	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv3095	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Sediminibacterium
prok_asv3096	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv3097	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Sediminibacterium
prok_asv3098	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadales uc	Kordiimonadales uc
prok_asv3099	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv3100	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
prok_asv3101	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv3102	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Staphylococcales	Gemellaceae	Gemella
prok_asv3103	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
prok_asv3104	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv3105	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv3106	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv3108	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	OCS116	OCS116 uc
prok_asv3109	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv3110	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv3111	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv3112	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
prok_asv3113	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv3114	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv3115	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Altererythrobacter
prok_asv3116	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_26	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc
prok_asv3117	Bacteria	Nitrospirota	Nitrospiria	Nitrospirales	Nitrospiraceae	Nitrospira
prok_asv3118	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv3120	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3121	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv3122	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv3123	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv3124	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	BD7-8	BD7-8 uc	BD7-8 uc
prok_asv3125	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3126	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Thalassospiraceae	Thalassospira
prok_asv3127	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv3128	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
prok_asv3129	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
prok_asv3130	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv3131	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv3132	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv3133	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_26	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc
prok_asv3134	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3135	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Algoriphagus
prok_asv3136	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv3137	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Cereibacter
prok_asv3138	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv3139	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
prok_asv3140	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv3141	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv3142	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv3143	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv3144	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3145	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
prok_asv3146	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv3147	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3148	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3149	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Photobacterium
prok_asv3150	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3151	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv3152	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Saccharospirillaceae uc
prok_asv3153	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv3154	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Synechococcales	Cyanobiaceae	Synechococcus
prok_asv3155	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv3156	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv3157	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv3158	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv3159	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
prok_asv3160	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv3161	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv3162	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv3163	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv3164	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv3165	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv3166	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3167	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquibacter
prok_asv3168	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
prok_asv3169	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv3170	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	MWH-UniP1_aquatic_group	MWH-UniP1_aquatic_group uc
prok_asv3171	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Collimonas
prok_asv3172	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv3173	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv3174	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv3175	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv3176	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv3177	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv3178	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Paucibacter
prok_asv3179	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv3180	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
prok_asv3181	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv3182	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv3183	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv3184	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas
prok_asv3185	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv3186	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv3187	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv3188	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv3189	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv3190	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
prok_asv3191	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv3192	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv3193	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	NS11-12	NS11-12 uc
prok_asv3194	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquimarina
prok_asv3195	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv3196	Bacteria	Campilobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Sulfurovaceae	Sulfurovum
prok_asv3197	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv3198	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv3199	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3200	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
prok_asv3201	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Polaromonas
prok_asv3202	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Halobacteriovorax
prok_asv3203	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv3204	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv3205	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv3206	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv3207	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv3208	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv3209	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
prok_asv3210	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	P.palmC41	P.palmC41 uc	P.palmC41 uc
prok_asv3211	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv3212	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv3213	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3214	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv3215	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Luteitalea
prok_asv3216	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3218	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv3219	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3220	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv3221	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
prok_asv3222	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv3223	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv3224	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv3225	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv3226	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
prok_asv3227	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv3228	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv3229	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv3230	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv3232	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv3233	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv3235	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv3237	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv3238	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfobulbaceae	Desulfobulbaceae uc
prok_asv3239	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv3240	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Vampirivibrionia	Obscuribacterales	Obscuribacteraceae	Cand_Obscuribacter
prok_asv3241	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv3242	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv3243	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv3244	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv3245	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv3246	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3247	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutimonas
prok_asv3248	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Maricaulis
prok_asv3249	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
prok_asv3250	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sedimentitalea
prok_asv3251	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv3252	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Maricaulis
prok_asv3253	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
prok_asv3254	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv3255	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Flammeovirgaceae	Flammeovirgaceae uc
prok_asv3256	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv3257	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv3258	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv3259	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv3260	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv3261	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv3262	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv3263	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv3264	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3266	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv3267	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv3268	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv3269	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv3270	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv3271	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv3272	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv3273	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
prok_asv3274	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv3275	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3276	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3277	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv3278	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
prok_asv3279	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Coraliomargarita
prok_asv3281	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv3282	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv3283	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv3284	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv3285	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv3286	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Zhongshania
prok_asv3288	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv3289	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv3290	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	PS1	PS1 uc
prok_asv3291	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Lentimicrobiaceae	Lentimicrobiaceae uc
prok_asv3292	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv3293	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv3294	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv3295	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv3296	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3298	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv3299	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Kordia
prok_asv3300	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv3301	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv3302	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3303	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv3304	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv3305	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadales uc	Kordiimonadales uc
prok_asv3306	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv3307	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv3308	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3309	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3310	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv3311	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv3312	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv3313	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv3314	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Sediminibacterium
prok_asv3315	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales_Incertae_Sedis	Alsobacter
prok_asv3316	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
prok_asv3318	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3319	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv3320	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	BD7-8	BD7-8 uc	BD7-8 uc
prok_asv3321	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv3322	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv3323	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisella
prok_asv3324	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv3325	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinaceae	Cand_Actinomarina
prok_asv3326	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
prok_asv3327	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv3328	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halieaceae uc
prok_asv3329	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3330	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Photobacterium
prok_asv3331	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv3332	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv3333	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv3334	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv3335	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv3336	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv3337	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Synechococcales	Cyanobiaceae	Synechococcus
prok_asv3338	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv3339	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv3340	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv3341	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	Methylotenera
prok_asv3342	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv3343	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Thalassotalea
prok_asv3344	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv3345	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv3346	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv3347	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv3348	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv3349	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv3350	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Polaromonas
prok_asv3351	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv3352	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv3353	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv3354	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Cocleimonas
prok_asv3355	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv3356	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Opitutaceae	Opitutaceae uc
prok_asv3357	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium_sensu_stricto_13
prok_asv3358	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv3359	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv3360	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Thermicanales	Thermicanaceae	Thermicanus
prok_asv3361	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv3362	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv3363	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv3364	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv3365	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv3366	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv3367	Bacteria	Myxococcota	bacteriap25	bacteriap25 uc	bacteriap25 uc	bacteriap25 uc
prok_asv3368	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv3369	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingorhabdus
prok_asv3370	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv3371	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv3372	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv3373	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv3374	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Bradyrhizobium
prok_asv3375	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv3376	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3377	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	0319-6G20	0319-6G20 uc	0319-6G20 uc
prok_asv3378	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv3379	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv3380	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales uc	Rhizobiales uc
prok_asv3381	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv3382	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3383	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv3384	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv3385	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv3386	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
prok_asv3387	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv3390	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Schlegelella
prok_asv3392	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv3393	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv3394	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv3395	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv3396	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv3397	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Pedosphaerales	Pedosphaeraceae	SCGC_AAA164-E04
prok_asv3399	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oleiphilaceae	Oleiphilus
prok_asv3400	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv3401	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3402	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
prok_asv3404	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv3405	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv3406	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
prok_asv3408	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3409	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv3410	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
prok_asv3411	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv3413	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv3415	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv3416	Bacteria	Schekmanbacteria	Schekmanbacteria uc	Schekmanbacteria uc	Schekmanbacteria uc	Schekmanbacteria uc
prok_asv3417	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Algoriphagus
prok_asv3418	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv3419	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv3420	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	Cm1-21
prok_asv3421	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv3422	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
prok_asv3423	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv3424	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv3425	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
prok_asv3426	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rubripirellula
prok_asv3427	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
prok_asv3428	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfarculia	Desulfarculales	Desulfarculaceae	Dethiosulfatarculus
prok_asv3429	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Dokdonia
prok_asv3430	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
prok_asv3431	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3432	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv3434	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Arenimonas
prok_asv3435	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv3437	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv3438	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv3439	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv3440	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv3441	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv3442	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv3443	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Psychroflexus
prok_asv3444	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3445	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv3446	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv3447	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Gillisia
prok_asv3448	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv3449	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv3451	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv3452	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv3453	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
prok_asv3454	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv3456	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv3457	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Pseudofulvibacter
prok_asv3458	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
prok_asv3459	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv3460	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Aliivibrio
prok_asv3461	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
prok_asv3462	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv3463	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv3464	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv3465	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv3466	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktotalea
prok_asv3468	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv3469	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv3470	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv3471	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3472	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv3473	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv3474	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3475	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3476	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv3477	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc
prok_asv3478	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3479	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv3480	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
prok_asv3481	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Leuconostocaceae	Leuconostoc
prok_asv3482	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv3483	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
prok_asv3484	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv3485	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
prok_asv3486	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Arthrobacter
prok_asv3487	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3488	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Porphyromonas
prok_asv3489	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv3490	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3491	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
prok_asv3492	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv3493	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv3494	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3495	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv3496	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv3497	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv3498	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv3499	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv3500	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv3501	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv3502	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv3503	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Bradyrhizobium
prok_asv3504	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Delftia
prok_asv3505	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv3506	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv3507	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
prok_asv3509	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv3510	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
prok_asv3511	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv3512	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv3513	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
prok_asv3514	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv3515	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3516	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3519	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv3521	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
prok_asv3522	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv3523	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv3524	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv3526	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv3527	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv3529	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv3530	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Lentimicrobiaceae	Lentimicrobiaceae uc
prok_asv3531	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv3532	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Schleiferiaceae	Schleiferia
prok_asv3533	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3534	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Yersiniaceae	Yersinia
prok_asv3535	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv3536	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv3537	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
prok_asv3538	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
prok_asv3539	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3540	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv3541	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv3542	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv3543	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv3544	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Psychromonadaceae	Psychromonas
prok_asv3545	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv3546	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv3547	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Ilumatobacteraceae	Ilumatobacter
prok_asv3548	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Litoricolaceae	Litoricola
prok_asv3549	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Azorhizobium
prok_asv3550	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv3551	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv3552	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv3553	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
prok_asv3554	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv3555	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv3556	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv3557	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Acetobacterales	Acetobacteraceae	Roseomonas
prok_asv3558	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv3559	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv3560	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv3561	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv3562	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv3563	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv3565	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv3566	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
prok_asv3567	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv3568	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv3569	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv3570	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv3571	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv3572	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv3573	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv3574	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv3575	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv3576	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv3577	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Moraxella
prok_asv3578	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv3579	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
prok_asv3581	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv3582	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv3583	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv3584	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Congregibacter
prok_asv3585	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc
prok_asv3586	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
prok_asv3587	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv3588	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv3589	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Psychrobium
prok_asv3590	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv3591	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3592	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv3593	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
prok_asv3594	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv3595	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Thalassolituus
prok_asv3597	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv3598	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
prok_asv3599	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv3600	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv3601	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv3602	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv3603	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Haloferula
prok_asv3604	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv3605	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv3606	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv3607	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv3608	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv3609	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv3610	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv3611	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv3613	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv3614	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv3615	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv3616	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv3617	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3619	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv3620	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv3621	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv3622	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3624	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Thermicanales	Thermicanaceae	Thermicanus
prok_asv3625	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Tepidimonas
prok_asv3626	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3627	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv3628	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv3629	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv3630	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv3631	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Hyphomonadaceae uc
prok_asv3632	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv3633	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3634	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methyloligellaceae	Methyloceanibacter
prok_asv3635	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3636	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv3637	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv3638	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv3639	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
prok_asv3640	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv3641	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv3642	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv3643	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv3644	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3645	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	MWH-UniP1_aquatic_group	MWH-UniP1_aquatic_group uc
prok_asv3646	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv3647	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Bythopirellula
prok_asv3648	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3649	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinifilaceae	Marinifilum
prok_asv3650	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	OCS116	OCS116 uc
prok_asv3651	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv3652	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3653	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Acidobacteriae	PAUC26f	PAUC26f uc	PAUC26f uc
prok_asv3654	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
prok_asv3655	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Salinisphaerales	Salinisphaeraceae	Salinisphaera
prok_asv3656	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
prok_asv3657	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv3659	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
prok_asv3660	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Shinella
prok_asv3661	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv3662	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3663	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv3664	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3665	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3666	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv3667	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3668	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales_Incertae_Sedis	Anderseniella
prok_asv3669	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
prok_asv3670	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv3671	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv3672	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophagaceae uc
prok_asv3673	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv3674	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv3675	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv3676	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv3677	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv3679	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3680	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Sva1033	Sva1033 uc	Sva1033 uc
prok_asv3681	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv3682	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv3683	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Marine_Benthic_Group_A	Marine_Benthic_Group_A uc	Marine_Benthic_Group_A uc
prok_asv3684	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
prok_asv3685	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv3686	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv3687	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv3688	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv3689	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
prok_asv3690	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv3691	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv3692	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3693	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv3694	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv3695	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv3696	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv3697	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv3698	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv3699	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv3700	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv3701	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv3702	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv3703	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv3704	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv3705	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv3706	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv3707	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3708	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv3709	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv3710	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv3711	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv3712	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
prok_asv3713	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv3714	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3715	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
prok_asv3716	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv3717	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv3718	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv3719	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobiaceae uc
prok_asv3720	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinaceae	Cand_Actinomarina
prok_asv3721	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv3722	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv3723	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SZB50	SZB50 uc	SZB50 uc
prok_asv3724	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv3725	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv3726	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv3727	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv3728	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3730	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv3731	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
prok_asv3732	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv3733	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv3734	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv3735	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3736	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
prok_asv3737	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc
prok_asv3738	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv3739	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv3740	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv3741	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Flammeovirgaceae	Flammeovirgaceae uc
prok_asv3743	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv3744	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv3745	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3746	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv3747	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Psychrobium
prok_asv3748	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv3749	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv3750	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv3751	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
prok_asv3752	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
prok_asv3753	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv3754	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3755	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv3756	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisella
prok_asv3757	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv3758	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv3759	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv3760	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv3761	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
prok_asv3762	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Sandaracinaceae	Sandaracinaceae uc
prok_asv3763	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv3764	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv3765	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv3766	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv3767	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3768	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv3769	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv3770	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3771	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv3772	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv3773	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv3774	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Staphylococcales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus
prok_asv3775	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Alteromonas
prok_asv3776	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv3777	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv3778	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv3779	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3780	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Zavarziniales	Zavarziniales uc	Zavarziniales uc
prok_asv3782	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv3783	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv3784	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Altererythrobacter
prok_asv3785	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
prok_asv3786	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv3788	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv3789	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
prok_asv3790	Bacteria	RCP2-54	RCP2-54 uc	RCP2-54 uc	RCP2-54 uc	RCP2-54 uc
prok_asv3791	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv3792	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Opitutaceae	Opitutaceae uc
prok_asv3793	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv3795	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
prok_asv3796	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv3797	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv3798	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv3799	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv3800	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv3801	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Maricurvus
prok_asv3802	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv3803	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv3805	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
prok_asv3806	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
prok_asv3807	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv3808	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv3809	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv3810	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv3811	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
prok_asv3812	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv3813	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3814	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Aureimonas
prok_asv3815	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv3816	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
prok_asv3817	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3818	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv3819	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv3820	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Bythopirellula
prok_asv3821	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3822	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv3823	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Caulobacteraceae uc
prok_asv3824	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv3825	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3826	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
prok_asv3827	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv3828	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Citrobacter
prok_asv3830	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv3831	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
prok_asv3832	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv3833	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv3835	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv3836	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv3837	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Algicola
prok_asv3838	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv3839	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
prok_asv3840	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Balneolales	Balneolaceae	Balneola
prok_asv3841	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
prok_asv3842	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
prok_asv3843	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv3844	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
prok_asv3845	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv3846	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv3847	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3848	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3849	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv3850	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3851	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
prok_asv3852	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv3854	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv3855	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3856	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Chungangia
prok_asv3857	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv3858	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv3859	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv3860	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
prok_asv3861	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv3862	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv3863	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv3864	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
prok_asv3865	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma
prok_asv3866	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Ferruginibacter
prok_asv3867	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv3868	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv3869	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	Methylotenera
prok_asv3870	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv3871	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv3872	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv3873	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv3874	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
prok_asv3875	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv3876	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv3879	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv3880	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
prok_asv3881	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
prok_asv3882	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv3883	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv3884	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv3885	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
prok_asv3886	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv3887	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv3888	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3889	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv3890	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3891	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Pseudoxanthomonas
prok_asv3892	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv3893	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
prok_asv3894	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv3895	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv3896	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv3898	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
prok_asv3899	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
prok_asv3900	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv3902	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Ochrobactrum
prok_asv3903	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv3904	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv3905	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv3906	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv3907	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
prok_asv3908	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv3909	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv3910	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv3911	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
prok_asv3912	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv3914	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv3915	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade III	SAR11 Clade III uc
prok_asv3916	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv3917	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv3918	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv3919	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv3920	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv3921	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
prok_asv3922	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv3923	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Yoonia-Loktanella
prok_asv3924	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
prok_asv3925	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
prok_asv3926	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv3927	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv3928	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv3929	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Comamonadaceae uc
prok_asv3930	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv3931	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv3932	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv3933	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
prok_asv3934	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv3935	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv3936	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv3937	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv3938	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv3939	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv3940	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv3941	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
prok_asv3942	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv3943	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv3944	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv3945	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv3946	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Yoonia-Loktanella
prok_asv3947	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus
prok_asv3948	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv3949	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
prok_asv3950	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv3951	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv3952	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv3953	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv3954	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv3955	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv3956	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3957	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv3958	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv3959	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv3960	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Ilumatobacteraceae	Ilumatobacter
prok_asv3961	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv3962	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
prok_asv3963	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
prok_asv3964	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv3966	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv3967	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
prok_asv3968	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv3969	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv3970	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv3971	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv3972	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv3973	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv3974	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
prok_asv3975	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3976	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv3977	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Reyranellales	Reyranellaceae	Reyranella
prok_asv3978	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv3979	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Entomoplasmatales	Entomoplasmatales_Incertae_Sedis	Cand_Hepatoplasma
prok_asv3980	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv3981	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv3982	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv3983	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3984	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv3985	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv3986	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Saccharospirillaceae uc
prok_asv3987	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3988	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3989	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
prok_asv3990	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
prok_asv3991	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv3992	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella
prok_asv3993	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Thalassotalea
prok_asv3994	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv3995	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Lentilitoribacter
prok_asv3996	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacter
prok_asv3997	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv3998	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv3999	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter
prok_asv4000	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv4001	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv4002	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv4003	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv4004	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv4006	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4007	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4008	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rubrivirga
prok_asv4009	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv4010	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Fulvivirga
prok_asv4011	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4012	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv4013	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4014	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv4015	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv4016	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv4017	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv4018	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4020	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
prok_asv4021	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv4022	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Psychrobium
prok_asv4023	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv4024	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv4025	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv4026	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv4027	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv4028	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv4029	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv4031	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv4032	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
prok_asv4033	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv4034	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv4035	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv4036	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Tenacibaculum
prok_asv4037	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv4038	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv4039	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv4040	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4041	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv4042	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Robiginitomaculum
prok_asv4043	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv4044	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS2b
prok_asv4045	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv4046	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Hellea
prok_asv4047	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv4048	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Gaiellales	Gaiellales uc	Gaiellales uc
prok_asv4049	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4050	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv4051	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Sandaracinaceae	Sandaracinaceae uc
prok_asv4052	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4053	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
prok_asv4054	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv4055	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv4056	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Synechococcales	Cyanobiaceae	Synechococcus
prok_asv4057	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv4058	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv4059	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv4060	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv4061	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv4062	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
prok_asv4063	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium
prok_asv4065	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus
prok_asv4066	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv4067	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv4068	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv4070	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4072	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv4073	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv4074	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv4075	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4076	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4077	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv4078	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
prok_asv4080	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
prok_asv4081	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv4082	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Fabibacter
prok_asv4083	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv4084	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
prok_asv4085	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4086	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv4087	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv4088	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv4089	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv4090	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv4091	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
prok_asv4092	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv4093	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv4094	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Aliivibrio
prok_asv4095	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv4096	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv4097	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv4098	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv4099	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv4100	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv4101	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
prok_asv4102	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv4103	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4104	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv4105	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv4106	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4107	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4108	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv4109	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv4110	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv4111	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
prok_asv4112	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4113	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
prok_asv4114	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv4115	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv4116	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv4117	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv4118	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv4119	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Afipia
prok_asv4120	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	MBAE14	MBAE14 uc	MBAE14 uc
prok_asv4121	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4122	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv4123	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4124	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv4125	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv4126	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4127	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Pseudorhodobacter
prok_asv4128	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
prok_asv4129	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv4130	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv4132	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4133	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4134	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Chryseobacterium
prok_asv4135	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv4136	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Fulvivirga
prok_asv4137	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4138	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv4139	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv4140	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4141	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
prok_asv4142	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	P13-46	P13-46 uc
prok_asv4143	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv4144	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv4145	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv4146	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
prok_asv4147	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
prok_asv4148	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv4149	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Psychrobium
prok_asv4150	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv4151	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv4152	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
prok_asv4153	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv4154	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Staphylococcales	Staphylococcaceae	Macrococcus
prok_asv4156	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4157	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv4159	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv4160	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4161	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4162	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv4164	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4165	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv4166	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv4167	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv4168	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
prok_asv4169	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv4170	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Halobacteriovorax
prok_asv4171	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv4172	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4173	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv4174	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4175	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv4176	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4177	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS3a
prok_asv4178	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv4179	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	AT-s2-59	AT-s2-59 uc	AT-s2-59 uc
prok_asv4180	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
prok_asv4181	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv4182	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv4183	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv4184	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
prok_asv4185	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
prok_asv4186	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4187	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv4188	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv4189	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
prok_asv4190	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv4191	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4192	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Glaciecola
prok_asv4193	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv4194	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium
prok_asv4195	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv4196	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv4197	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv4199	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv4200	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv4201	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv4202	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv4203	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv4204	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4205	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv4206	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv4207	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv4208	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Entomoplasmatales	Entomoplasmatales_Incertae_Sedis	Cand_Hepatoplasma
prok_asv4209	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv4210	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv4211	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4212	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv4213	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oleiphilaceae	Oleiphilus
prok_asv4214	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv4215	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv4216	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4217	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv4218	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv4219	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv4220	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv4221	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv4222	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv4223	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Hydrogenophaga
prok_asv4224	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv4225	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv4226	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv4227	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	Puniceispirillales uc	Puniceispirillales uc
prok_asv4228	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv4229	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmata_or	Thermoplasmata_fa	Marine_Group_III
prok_asv4230	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv4231	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Afipia
prok_asv4232	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv4233	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv4234	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv4237	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv4238	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	Parvibaculaceae	Mf105b01
prok_asv4239	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv4240	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Marinomonadaceae	Marinomonas
prok_asv4241	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4242	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv4243	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv4244	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4245	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_26	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc
prok_asv4247	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv4248	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
prok_asv4249	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv4250	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv4251	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4252	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv4253	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv4254	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4255	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv4256	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Cryptoprodotis
prok_asv4257	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv4258	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv4259	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv4260	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
prok_asv4261	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv4262	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv4263	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv4264	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv4265	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
prok_asv4266	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4267	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4268	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv4270	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
prok_asv4271	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
prok_asv4272	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv4273	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
prok_asv4274	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv4275	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Profundimonas
prok_asv4276	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Marinobacteraceae	Marinobacter
prok_asv4277	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
prok_asv4278	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv4279	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv4280	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv4281	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv4282	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv4283	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv4284	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv4285	Bacteria	Myxococcota	bacteriap25	bacteriap25 uc	bacteriap25 uc	bacteriap25 uc
prok_asv4286	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4287	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv4288	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv4289	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv4290	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv4291	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4292	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv4293	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4294	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv4295	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4296	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv4297	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4298	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
prok_asv4299	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Heliimonas
prok_asv4300	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Spirosomaceae	Taeseokella
prok_asv4301	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Arcticiflavibacter
prok_asv4302	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
prok_asv4303	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Paracaedibacterales	Paracaedibacteraceae	Paracaedibacteraceae uc
prok_asv4304	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinaceae	Cand_Actinomarina
prok_asv4305	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv4306	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv4307	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv4309	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquibacter
prok_asv4310	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv4311	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4312	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Allorhizobium-Neorhizobium-Pararhizobium-Rhizobium
prok_asv4313	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv4314	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv4315	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv4316	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv4317	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv4318	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4319	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv4320	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv4321	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
prok_asv4323	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv4324	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv4325	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv4327	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Brevundimonas
prok_asv4328	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv4329	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	PS1	PS1 uc
prok_asv4330	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv4331	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv4332	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Rhodospirillaceae uc
prok_asv4333	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv4334	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv4335	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv4337	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv4338	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
prok_asv4339	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
prok_asv4340	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	Cm1-21
prok_asv4342	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv4343	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv4344	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
prok_asv4345	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv4346	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv4347	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutimonas
prok_asv4348	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv4349	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv4350	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
prok_asv4351	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Caldilineales	Caldilineaceae	Caldilineaceae uc
prok_asv4352	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
prok_asv4353	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv4354	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv4355	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv4356	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4357	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv4358	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv4359	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4360	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv4361	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Staphylococcales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus
prok_asv4362	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Pseudolabrys
prok_asv4363	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4364	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4365	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv4366	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv4367	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv4368	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv4369	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv4371	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv4372	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv4373	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv4374	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv4375	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv4376	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	SM2D12	SM2D12 uc
prok_asv4378	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv4379	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv4380	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4381	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv4382	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv4383	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Hydrotalea
prok_asv4384	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Alcanivoracaceae1	Alcanivorax
prok_asv4385	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv4386	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
prok_asv4387	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Herbaspirillum
prok_asv4388	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4389	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv4390	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
prok_asv4391	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
prok_asv4392	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Psychroserpens
prok_asv4393	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv4395	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4396	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Fulvivirga
prok_asv4397	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4398	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv4399	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
prok_asv4400	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4401	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4402	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Tepidimonas
prok_asv4403	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv4404	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
prok_asv4405	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv4406	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4407	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	P9X2b3D02	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc
prok_asv4408	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv4409	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4410	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
prok_asv4411	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4412	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisella
prok_asv4413	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4414	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv4415	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv4416	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4417	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv4418	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
prok_asv4419	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv4420	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4421	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
prok_asv4422	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv4423	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4424	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4425	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadaceae	Kordiimonas
prok_asv4426	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv4427	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv4428	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Aminobacter
prok_asv4429	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv4430	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv4431	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Rhodoferax
prok_asv4432	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv4433	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv4434	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4435	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
prok_asv4436	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv4437	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4438	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
prok_asv4439	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	Nitrosomonas
prok_asv4440	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv4441	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
prok_asv4442	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv4443	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv4444	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
prok_asv4445	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv4446	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
prok_asv4447	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4448	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv4449	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Robiginitomaculum
prok_asv4450	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
prok_asv4451	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4452	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv4454	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4455	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv4456	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv4457	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv4458	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv4459	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
prok_asv4460	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
prok_asv4462	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv4463	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv4464	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv4465	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv4466	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv4467	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
prok_asv4468	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv4469	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4470	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv4471	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv4472	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinifilaceae	Marinifilum
prok_asv4473	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv4474	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv4475	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv4476	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv4477	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv4478	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Pectobacteriaceae	Pectobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv4479	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv4480	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv4481	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv4482	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rubrivirga
prok_asv4483	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv4484	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv4485	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv4486	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv4487	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv4488	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv4489	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv4490	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv4491	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv4492	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv4493	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv4494	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv4495	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv4496	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Cerasicoccus
prok_asv4497	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv4498	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv4499	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
prok_asv4500	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv4501	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales_Incertae_Sedis	Phreatobacter
prok_asv4502	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
prok_asv4503	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv4504	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
prok_asv4505	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv4506	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4507	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv4508	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv4509	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4510	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv4511	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4512	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv4515	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv4516	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Mesorhizobium
prok_asv4517	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv4519	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv4520	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Aliikangiella
prok_asv4521	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv4522	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv4523	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv4524	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4525	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv4526	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv4527	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv4528	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	P13-46	P13-46 uc
prok_asv4529	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
prok_asv4530	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv4531	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv4532	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Saccharospirillaceae uc
prok_asv4533	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
prok_asv4534	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv4535	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv4536	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HgCo23	HgCo23 uc	HgCo23 uc
prok_asv4537	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv4538	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv4539	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
prok_asv4541	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Brevundimonas
prok_asv4542	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4543	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv4544	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv4545	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
prok_asv4546	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
prok_asv4547	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv4548	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv4549	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4550	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquibacter
prok_asv4551	Bacteria	Deinococcota	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Trueperaceae	Truepera
prok_asv4552	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella
prok_asv4553	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
prok_asv4554	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv4555	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv4556	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv4557	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4558	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4559	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4560	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv4561	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiellaceae uc
prok_asv4562	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4563	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4564	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Arcticiflavibacter
prok_asv4565	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonadaceae uc
prok_asv4566	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Aurantisolimonas
prok_asv4567	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SS1-B-07-19	SS1-B-07-19 uc	SS1-B-07-19 uc
prok_asv4568	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4569	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv4570	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	B2M28	B2M28 uc	B2M28 uc
prok_asv4571	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv4572	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4573	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv4574	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Marinagarivorans
prok_asv4575	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv4576	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv4577	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4578	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv4580	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
prok_asv4581	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4583	Bacteria	Deinococcota	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Trueperaceae	Truepera
prok_asv4584	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv4585	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv4586	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv4587	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv4588	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv4589	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
prok_asv4590	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv4591	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv4592	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv4593	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
prok_asv4594	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv4595	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Dermacoccaceae	Dermacoccus
prok_asv4596	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
prok_asv4597	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiellaceae uc
prok_asv4598	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
prok_asv4599	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv4600	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv4601	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv4602	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv4603	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv4604	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Aquabacterium
prok_asv4605	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Ilumatobacteraceae	Ilumatobacter
prok_asv4606	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
prok_asv4608	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Psychrilyobacter
prok_asv4609	Archaea	Halobacterota	Halobacteria	Halobacterales	Halomicrobiaceae	Halomicrobiaceae uc
prok_asv4610	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv4611	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv4612	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv4613	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
prok_asv4614	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Sandaracinaceae	Sandaracinaceae uc
prok_asv4615	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv4616	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
prok_asv4617	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Pseudoxanthomonas
prok_asv4618	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv4619	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv4620	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv4621	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv4622	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4623	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv4624	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv4625	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv4626	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	NS11-12	NS11-12 uc
prok_asv4627	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
prok_asv4628	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Lentibacter
prok_asv4629	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4630	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv4631	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4632	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Opitutaceae	Opitutaceae uc
prok_asv4633	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv4634	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Altererythrobacter
prok_asv4635	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Tardiphaga
prok_asv4636	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
prok_asv4637	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
prok_asv4638	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv4639	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4640	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidia uc	Dehalococcoidia uc	Dehalococcoidia uc
prok_asv4641	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4642	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv4643	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv4644	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4645	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv4646	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv4647	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv4648	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4649	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv4650	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv4651	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv4652	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv4653	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv4655	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv4656	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Spirosomaceae	Spirosoma
prok_asv4657	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomicaceae uc
prok_asv4658	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade III	SAR11 Clade III uc
prok_asv4659	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv4660	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
prok_asv4661	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
prok_asv4662	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
prok_asv4663	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv4664	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv4665	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
prok_asv4666	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
prok_asv4667	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	Puniceispirillales uc	Puniceispirillales uc
prok_asv4669	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv4670	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4671	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv4672	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv4673	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
prok_asv4674	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	Sva0081_sediment_group
prok_asv4675	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv4676	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv4677	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4678	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv4679	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
prok_asv4680	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4681	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EC3	EC3 uc	EC3 uc
prok_asv4682	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv4684	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv4685	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Achromobacter
prok_asv4686	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv4687	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4688	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv4689	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv4690	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv4692	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmata_or	Thermoplasmata_fa	Marine_Group_III
prok_asv4693	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Marinobacteraceae	Marinobacter
prok_asv4694	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	BD7-8	BD7-8 uc	BD7-8 uc
prok_asv4695	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv4696	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4697	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv4698	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv4699	Bacteria	Deinococcota	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Deinococcaceae	Deinococcus
prok_asv4700	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv4701	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv4702	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv4703	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4704	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv4705	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv4706	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv4707	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4708	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv4709	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Oleibacter
prok_asv4710	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter
prok_asv4711	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
prok_asv4712	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4713	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
prok_asv4714	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4715	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4716	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv4717	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	Desulforhopalus
prok_asv4718	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv4719	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4721	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Profundimonas
prok_asv4722	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4724	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv4725	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Dasania
prok_asv4726	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv4727	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
prok_asv4728	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv4729	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv4730	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv4731	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4732	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv4733	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv4734	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4735	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv4736	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
prok_asv4737	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4738	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella
prok_asv4739	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv4740	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv4741	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv4742	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4743	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorpha
prok_asv4744	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Hyphomicrobiaceae	Hyphomicrobiaceae uc
prok_asv4745	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
prok_asv4746	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv4747	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv4748	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4749	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv4750	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Planctomicrobium
prok_asv4752	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv4753	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv4754	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Algoriphagus
prok_asv4756	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv4757	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Caldilineales	Caldilineaceae	Caldilineaceae uc
prok_asv4758	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv4759	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv4760	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4761	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
prok_asv4762	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4763	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Chitinophagaceae uc
prok_asv4764	Bacteria	Campilobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Arcobacteraceae uc
prok_asv4765	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv4766	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4767	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Collimonas
prok_asv4768	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv4769	Bacteria	WPS-2	WPS-2 uc	WPS-2 uc	WPS-2 uc	WPS-2 uc
prok_asv4770	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
prok_asv4771	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv4773	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv4774	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Lentibacter
prok_asv4776	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
prok_asv4778	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv4779	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv4780	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv4781	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv4782	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
prok_asv4783	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv4784	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv4785	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv4786	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
prok_asv4787	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
prok_asv4788	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv4789	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv4790	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv4791	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lacinutrix
prok_asv4792	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
prok_asv4793	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micropepsales	Micropepsaceae	Micropepsaceae uc
prok_asv4794	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv4795	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv4796	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4797	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv4798	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Listeriaceae	Brochothrix
prok_asv4799	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella
prok_asv4800	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv4801	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv4802	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv4803	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillaceae	Oceanospirillum
prok_asv4804	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv4805	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio
prok_asv4806	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv4807	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv4808	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv4809	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv4810	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Leifsonia
prok_asv4812	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv4813	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv4814	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4815	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv4816	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv4817	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv4818	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
prok_asv4821	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4822	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Congregibacter
prok_asv4823	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Limibaculum
prok_asv4824	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv4825	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
prok_asv4826	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv4827	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	Puniceispirillales uc	Puniceispirillales uc
prok_asv4828	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv4829	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
prok_asv4831	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv4832	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Algicola
prok_asv4833	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv4835	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv4836	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv4837	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv4838	Bacteria	Deinococcota	Deinococci	Thermales	Thermaceae	Meiothermus
prok_asv4839	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv4840	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv4841	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv4842	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv4843	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv4844	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4845	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv4846	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4847	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4848	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Terasakiellaceae	Terasakiellaceae uc
prok_asv4849	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv4850	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv4851	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv4852	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Synechococcales	Cyanobiaceae	Synechococcus
prok_asv4854	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv4855	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv4856	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Algoriphagus
prok_asv4857	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv4858	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv4859	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
prok_asv4860	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv4861	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
prok_asv4862	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv4863	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv4864	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv4865	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
prok_asv4866	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv4867	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv4868	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Variovorax
prok_asv4869	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv4870	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv4871	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv4873	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv4874	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4875	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv4876	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv4877	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv4879	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4880	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4881	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
prok_asv4882	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	FS142-36B-02
prok_asv4884	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv4885	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4886	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv4887	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4888	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv4889	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4891	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv4892	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv4893	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv4894	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv4895	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidetes_VC2.1_Bac22	Bacteroidetes_VC2.1_Bac22 uc	Bacteroidetes_VC2.1_Bac22 uc
prok_asv4896	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4897	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv4898	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv4899	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4901	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv4902	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv4903	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
prok_asv4904	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
prok_asv4905	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Microtrichaceae uc
prok_asv4906	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv4907	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Yoonia-Loktanella
prok_asv4908	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv4909	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Oleispira
prok_asv4910	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
prok_asv4911	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv4912	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv4913	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv4914	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Pseudenhygromyxa
prok_asv4915	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv4916	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv4917	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv4918	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	Porticoccus
prok_asv4919	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Holosporales	Holosporaceae	Holosporaceae uc
prok_asv4920	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv4921	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4922	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
prok_asv4923	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4924	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv4925	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
prok_asv4926	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv4927	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
prok_asv4928	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv4929	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4930	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Pseudorhodobacter
prok_asv4931	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4933	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv4934	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
prok_asv4935	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv4936	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv4937	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4938	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiellaceae uc
prok_asv4939	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv4940	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv4942	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv4943	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv4944	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
prok_asv4945	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
prok_asv4946	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4948	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv4949	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv4950	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	Cm1-21
prok_asv4951	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv4952	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv4953	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
prok_asv4954	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv4955	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Lentimonas
prok_asv4956	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
prok_asv4957	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
prok_asv4958	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
prok_asv4959	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv4960	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
prok_asv4961	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv4962	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Aliikangiella
prok_asv4963	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv4964	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv4965	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv4966	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv4967	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	JGI_0000069-P22	JGI_0000069-P22 uc	JGI_0000069-P22 uc
prok_asv4968	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv4969	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
prok_asv4970	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
prok_asv4971	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv4972	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv4973	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv4974	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv4975	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
prok_asv4976	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv4977	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv4978	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv4979	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv4980	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv4981	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4982	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv4983	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4984	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv4985	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4986	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4987	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv4988	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv4989	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv4990	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4991	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv4992	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv4993	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Thalassotalea
prok_asv4994	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv4995	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv4996	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv4997	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
prok_asv4998	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc
prok_asv4999	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv5000	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Castellaniella
prok_asv5002	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv5003	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5004	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv5006	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv5007	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Azospirillales	Azospirillaceae	Azospirillum
prok_asv5008	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv5009	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
prok_asv5010	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
prok_asv5011	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv5012	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv5013	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5014	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv5015	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv5016	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv5017	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Tepidimonas
prok_asv5018	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5019	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Caminicellaceae	Caminicella
prok_asv5020	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv5021	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv5022	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Varunaivibrio
prok_asv5023	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
prok_asv5024	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
prok_asv5025	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
prok_asv5026	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv5027	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv5029	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
prok_asv5030	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv5031	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5032	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv5033	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv5034	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv5035	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv5036	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
prok_asv5037	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv5038	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv5039	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Erwiniaceae	Pantoea
prok_asv5040	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5041	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5043	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	Methylotenera
prok_asv5044	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv5045	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5046	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv5047	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv5048	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv5050	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv5051	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv5052	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5053	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv5054	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
prok_asv5055	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv5056	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv5057	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv5058	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Marinoscillum
prok_asv5059	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Isosphaerales	Isosphaeraceae	Isosphaeraceae uc
prok_asv5060	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv5061	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Caulobacteraceae uc
prok_asv5062	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv5063	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv5064	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv5065	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5066	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5067	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Luteolibacter
prok_asv5068	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
prok_asv5069	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv5070	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv5071	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv5072	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Psychromonadaceae	Psychromonas
prok_asv5073	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv5074	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv5075	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv5076	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5077	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5078	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv5079	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv5080	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
prok_asv5081	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv5082	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadales uc	Kordiimonadales uc
prok_asv5083	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv5084	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
prok_asv5085	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5086	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv5087	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
prok_asv5088	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv5089	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5090	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv5091	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5092	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
prok_asv5093	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv5094	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5095	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5096	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv5097	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
prok_asv5098	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv5099	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv5100	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv5101	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv5102	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv5103	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
prok_asv5104	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv5105	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv5106	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv5107	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv5108	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5109	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv5110	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella
prok_asv5111	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv5112	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
prok_asv5113	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv5114	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv5115	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv5116	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5117	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
prok_asv5120	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Bythopirellula
prok_asv5121	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv5122	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv5123	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv5124	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
prok_asv5125	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv5126	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
prok_asv5127	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5128	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
prok_asv5129	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv5130	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5131	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Litoricolaceae	Litoricola
prok_asv5132	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
prok_asv5133	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	Porticoccus
prok_asv5134	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv5135	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv5136	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5137	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv5138	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv5140	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5141	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5142	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv5143	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv5144	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv5145	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv5146	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv5147	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv5148	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv5149	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv5151	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv5152	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv5153	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Syntrophobacteria	Syntrophobacterales	Syntrophobacterales uc	Syntrophobacterales uc
prok_asv5154	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv5155	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Morganellaceae	Providencia
prok_asv5156	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv5157	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
prok_asv5158	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutimonas
prok_asv5159	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv5160	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv5161	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv5162	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv5163	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Pricia
prok_asv5164	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv5165	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5166	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5167	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv5168	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
prok_asv5169	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv5170	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	NS11-12	NS11-12 uc
prok_asv5171	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5172	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Kangiellaceae uc
prok_asv5173	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv5174	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv5175	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Puia
prok_asv5176	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Ilumatobacteraceae	Ilumatobacter
prok_asv5177	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv5180	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
prok_asv5181	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5182	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv5183	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv5185	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5186	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv5187	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Pseudofulvibacter
prok_asv5188	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv5189	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Spirochaeta
prok_asv5190	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv5191	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Euryhalocaulis
prok_asv5192	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
prok_asv5193	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv5194	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Lentimonas
prok_asv5196	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
prok_asv5197	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv5198	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv5199	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
prok_asv5200	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Massilia
prok_asv5201	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv5202	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
prok_asv5203	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Nitriliruptorales	Nitriliruptoraceae	Nitriliruptoraceae uc
prok_asv5204	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv5205	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Owenweeksia
prok_asv5206	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5207	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv5209	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv5210	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophaga
prok_asv5211	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv5212	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
prok_asv5213	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Rhodanobacteraceae	Pseudofulvimonas
prok_asv5214	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv5215	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv5216	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
prok_asv5217	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	KD3-93	KD3-93 uc
prok_asv5218	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv5219	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv5221	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv5222	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus
prok_asv5223	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
prok_asv5224	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv5225	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv5226	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv5227	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv5228	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiellaceae uc
prok_asv5229	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv5230	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavicella
prok_asv5231	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv5232	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5234	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	NS11-12	NS11-12 uc
prok_asv5236	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	P0X4b2H11	P0X4b2H11 uc	P0X4b2H11 uc
prok_asv5237	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv5238	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv5239	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmata_or	Thermoplasmata_fa	Marine_Group_III
prok_asv5240	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5241	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv5242	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv5243	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Glaciecola
prok_asv5244	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5245	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv5246	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	Nitrosomonas
prok_asv5247	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv5249	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5250	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv5251	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv5252	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv5253	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineae uc	Anaerolineae uc	Anaerolineae uc
prok_asv5254	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Saccharospirillaceae uc
prok_asv5255	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv5256	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv5257	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv5258	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv5259	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Flammeovirgaceae	Sediminitomix
prok_asv5260	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv5261	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquimarina
prok_asv5262	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5263	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5264	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv5265	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Marinobacteraceae	Marinobacter
prok_asv5266	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv5267	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv5268	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
prok_asv5269	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5270	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv5271	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	NS11-12	NS11-12 uc
prok_asv5272	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5273	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv5274	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Yersiniaceae	Yersinia
prok_asv5275	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
prok_asv5276	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Marimicrobium
prok_asv5277	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv5278	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriales	Chroococcidiopsaceae	Aliterella
prok_asv5279	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv5280	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv5282	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv5283	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Thalassobaculaceae	Thalassobaculum
prok_asv5284	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	Puniceispirillales uc	Puniceispirillales uc
prok_asv5285	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv5286	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5287	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
prok_asv5288	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	B2M28	B2M28 uc	B2M28 uc
prok_asv5289	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
prok_asv5290	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv5291	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv5292	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv5293	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv5294	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Photobacterium
prok_asv5295	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS2b
prok_asv5296	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv5297	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Pleomorphomonadaceae	Pleomorphomonas
prok_asv5298	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5299	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Marimicrobium
prok_asv5300	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv5301	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv5302	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv5303	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
prok_asv5304	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus
prok_asv5305	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutimonas
prok_asv5306	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv5307	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv5308	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv5309	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv5310	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv5311	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SS1-B-07-19	SS1-B-07-19 uc	SS1-B-07-19 uc
prok_asv5312	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv5313	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv5314	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv5315	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoanaerobaculum
prok_asv5316	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv5318	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter
prok_asv5319	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv5320	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv5322	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5323	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5324	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5325	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv5326	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv5327	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5328	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5329	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	P9X2b3D02	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc
prok_asv5330	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv5332	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Tenderiales	Tenderiaceae	Cand_Tenderia
prok_asv5333	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv5334	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
prok_asv5335	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv5336	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv5337	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5338	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv5339	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv5340	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv5341	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv5342	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Arcticiflavibacter
prok_asv5343	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv5344	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Microtrichaceae uc
prok_asv5345	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv5346	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv5347	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
prok_asv5348	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
prok_asv5349	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv5350	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5351	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5352	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv5353	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv5354	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv5355	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv5356	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv5359	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv5361	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv5362	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv5363	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv5364	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv5365	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
prok_asv5366	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade III	SAR11 Clade III uc
prok_asv5368	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv5369	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv5370	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv5371	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv5372	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Reichenbachiella
prok_asv5373	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5375	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv5376	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv5377	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sedimentitalea
prok_asv5378	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillales uc	Oceanospirillales uc
prok_asv5379	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv5380	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv5381	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
prok_asv5382	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv5383	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5384	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv5385	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv5386	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv5387	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv5388	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv5389	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
prok_asv5390	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv5391	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv5392	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv5394	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv5395	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sedimentitalea
prok_asv5396	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv5397	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv5398	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv5399	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Listeriaceae	Brochothrix
prok_asv5402	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv5403	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv5404	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
prok_asv5405	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
prok_asv5406	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv5407	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5408	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv5409	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	Nitrosomonas
prok_asv5410	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv5411	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
prok_asv5412	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv5413	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv5414	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Halocynthiibacter
prok_asv5415	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_23
prok_asv5416	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
prok_asv5417	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv5418	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv5419	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv5421	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv5422	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv5423	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5424	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv5425	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5426	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv5427	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
prok_asv5428	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutimonas
prok_asv5430	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Gaetbulibacter
prok_asv5431	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv5432	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv5433	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv5434	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv5435	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv5436	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5437	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv5438	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv5439	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv5440	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv5441	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv5442	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv5443	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv5444	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv5445	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv5446	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv5447	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv5448	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv5450	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Rhodanobacteraceae	Rhodanobacter
prok_asv5451	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv5452	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv5453	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv5454	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv5455	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Afipia
prok_asv5456	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv5457	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5458	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
prok_asv5459	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv5460	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv5461	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv5463	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv5464	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EC3	EC3 uc	EC3 uc
prok_asv5465	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv5467	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv5468	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv5469	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv5470	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5471	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
prok_asv5472	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiohalorhabdales	Thiohalorhabdaceae	Thiohalorhabdaceae uc
prok_asv5473	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
prok_asv5474	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	NS11-12	NS11-12 uc
prok_asv5475	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv5476	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HgCo23	HgCo23 uc	HgCo23 uc
prok_asv5477	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv5478	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
prok_asv5479	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidia uc	Dehalococcoidia uc	Dehalococcoidia uc
prok_asv5480	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv5481	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv5482	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv5483	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv5484	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv5485	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
prok_asv5486	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5487	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv5488	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv5489	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
prok_asv5490	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv5491	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv5492	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Haemophilus
prok_asv5493	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5494	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Sediminicola
prok_asv5495	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv5496	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Arenimonas
prok_asv5497	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv5498	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv5499	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5501	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv5502	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriales uc	Sphingobacteriales uc
prok_asv5503	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv5504	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Thalassospiraceae	Thalassospira
prok_asv5505	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5506	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv5507	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv5509	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv5510	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Persicirhabdus
prok_asv5511	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv5512	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5513	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv5514	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5515	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv5516	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv5517	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5518	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Holosporales	Holosporaceae	Cand_Gortzia
prok_asv5519	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv5520	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv5521	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5522	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Pseudoxanthomonas
prok_asv5523	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv5524	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Allofrancisella
prok_asv5525	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv5526	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv5527	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Subgroup_9	Subgroup_9 uc	Subgroup_9 uc
prok_asv5528	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5529	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv5530	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv5531	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
prok_asv5532	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv5533	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv5534	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv5535	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv5536	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
prok_asv5537	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
prok_asv5538	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5539	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5541	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv5542	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv5543	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv5544	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv5545	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv5546	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv5547	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv5548	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sedimentitalea
prok_asv5549	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5550	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5551	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv5552	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv5553	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv5554	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv5555	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv5556	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5557	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5558	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv5559	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv5560	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv5561	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv5562	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5563	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv5564	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5565	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv5566	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv5567	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv5568	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv5570	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv5571	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv5572	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv5573	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
prok_asv5574	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv5575	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
prok_asv5576	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Leuconostocaceae	Leuconostoc
prok_asv5578	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HgCo23	HgCo23 uc	HgCo23 uc
prok_asv5579	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
prok_asv5580	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
prok_asv5581	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv5582	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv5583	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5584	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv5585	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
prok_asv5587	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5588	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv5589	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv5590	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv5591	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
prok_asv5592	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	ML602J-51
prok_asv5593	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv5594	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5595	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv5596	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv5597	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv5598	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv5599	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv5600	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv5601	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5602	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
prok_asv5604	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv5605	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5606	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv5608	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5609	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5610	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv5611	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinifilaceae	Marinifilum
prok_asv5612	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5613	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5614	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5615	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv5616	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5617	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv5618	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella
prok_asv5619	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv5620	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv5621	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Dokdonia
prok_asv5622	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv5623	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
prok_asv5624	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv5625	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiohalorhabdales	Thiohalorhabdaceae	Thiohalorhabdaceae uc
prok_asv5626	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv5627	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv5628	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Staphylococcales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus
prok_asv5629	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv5630	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv5631	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv5632	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv5633	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv5634	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv5635	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5636	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv5637	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv5638	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv5639	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5641	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS2b
prok_asv5642	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv5643	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv5644	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv5645	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv5646	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv5647	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv5648	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv5649	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv5650	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv5651	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5652	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv5653	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Reinekea
prok_asv5654	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
prok_asv5655	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmata_or	Thermoplasmata_fa	Marine_Group_III
prok_asv5656	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Comamonadaceae uc
prok_asv5657	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv5658	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv5659	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv5660	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv5661	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
prok_asv5662	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv5663	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv5664	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv5665	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv5666	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv5667	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv5668	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv5669	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Oligella
prok_asv5670	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Sphingobacterium
prok_asv5671	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Lentimonas
prok_asv5672	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv5673	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv5674	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv5675	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv5676	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv5677	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv5678	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv5679	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv5680	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv5681	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv5682	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv5683	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5684	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv5685	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv5686	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5687	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv5688	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella
prok_asv5689	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5690	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv5691	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv5692	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv5693	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv5694	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Salinisphaerales	Solimonadaceae	Nevskia
prok_asv5695	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv5696	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv5697	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv5698	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_11	Subgroup_11 uc	Subgroup_11 uc	Subgroup_11 uc
prok_asv5699	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv5700	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv5701	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
prok_asv5703	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	SEEP-SRB1
prok_asv5704	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Rhodospirillaceae uc
prok_asv5705	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv5706	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Puia
prok_asv5707	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv5708	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavicella
prok_asv5709	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5710	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
prok_asv5711	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv5712	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5713	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv5714	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv5715	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv5716	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
prok_asv5717	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv5718	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv5719	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv5720	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv5721	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv5722	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Opitutaceae	Opitutaceae uc
prok_asv5723	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv5724	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5725	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv5726	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
prok_asv5727	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv5728	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	P.palmC41	P.palmC41 uc	P.palmC41 uc
prok_asv5729	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Synechococcales	Cyanobiaceae	Synechococcus
prok_asv5730	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5731	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
prok_asv5732	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv5733	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
prok_asv5734	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Thalassospiraceae	Thalassospira
prok_asv5735	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv5736	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv5737	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Moraxella
prok_asv5738	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv5739	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5740	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv5741	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv5743	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Aquabacterium
prok_asv5744	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5746	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv5747	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
prok_asv5748	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv5749	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv5750	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv5751	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	SM2D12	SM2D12 uc
prok_asv5753	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
prok_asv5754	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv5755	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv5756	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv5757	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv5758	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
prok_asv5759	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv5760	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv5761	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Leuconostocaceae	Weissella
prok_asv5762	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv5763	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus
prok_asv5764	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
prok_asv5765	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv5766	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv5767	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv5768	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Litoreibacter
prok_asv5769	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5770	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	Porticoccus
prok_asv5771	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
prok_asv5772	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
prok_asv5773	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacteriaceae uc
prok_asv5774	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
prok_asv5775	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Pelomonas
prok_asv5776	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_5	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc
prok_asv5777	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv5778	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5779	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	koll11	koll11 uc
prok_asv5780	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5781	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
prok_asv5782	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
prok_asv5783	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
prok_asv5784	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5785	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv5786	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
prok_asv5787	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv5788	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5789	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv5790	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv5791	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	KD3-93	KD3-93 uc
prok_asv5792	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv5793	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5794	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv5795	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5796	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv5797	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HglApr721	HglApr721 uc	HglApr721 uc
prok_asv5799	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5800	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv5801	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv5802	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv5803	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
prok_asv5804	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv5805	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5806	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv5807	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv5808	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv5809	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv5810	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
prok_asv5811	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv5812	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5813	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Acidobacteriae	PAUC26f	PAUC26f uc	PAUC26f uc
prok_asv5814	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv5815	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv5816	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv5818	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5819	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv5820	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv5821	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv5822	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5823	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv5824	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5825	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv5826	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
prok_asv5827	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv5828	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella
prok_asv5829	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv5831	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5832	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv5833	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
prok_asv5834	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Frondihabitans
prok_asv5835	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv5836	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
prok_asv5837	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv5838	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5839	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Marinoscillum
prok_asv5840	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv5841	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5842	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv5843	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
prok_asv5844	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Marinoscillum
prok_asv5845	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv5846	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Marinoscillum
prok_asv5847	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
prok_asv5848	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv5849	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv5850	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
prok_asv5851	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
prok_asv5852	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv5853	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Neisseriaceae	Neisseria
prok_asv5854	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv5855	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
prok_asv5856	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv5857	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	KD3-93	KD3-93 uc
prok_asv5858	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
prok_asv5859	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae	Granulicatella
prok_asv5860	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv5861	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv5862	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv5863	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv5864	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5865	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv5866	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv5867	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
prok_asv5868	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv5869	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_26	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc
prok_asv5870	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv5871	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv5872	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv5873	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv5874	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
prok_asv5875	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5876	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5877	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv5879	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmata_or	Thermoplasmata_fa	Marine_Group_III
prok_asv5880	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
prok_asv5881	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv5882	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_21	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc
prok_asv5883	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
prok_asv5884	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv5885	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv5886	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv5887	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5888	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv5889	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv5891	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_5	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc
prok_asv5892	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_5	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc
prok_asv5893	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Acetobacterales	Acetobacteraceae	Rhodovarius
prok_asv5894	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv5895	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv5896	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv5897	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Methylococcales	Methylomonadaceae	Milano-WF1B-03
prok_asv5899	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv5900	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv5901	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv5902	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_5	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc
prok_asv5903	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv5904	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5905	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv5906	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
prok_asv5907	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv5908	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
prok_asv5909	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv5910	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv5911	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5912	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv5913	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
prok_asv5914	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
prok_asv5915	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv5916	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv5917	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
prok_asv5918	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv5919	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliaceae	Babeliaceae uc
prok_asv5920	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5921	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_5	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc
prok_asv5922	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	0319-6G20	0319-6G20 uc	0319-6G20 uc
prok_asv5923	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
prok_asv5924	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
prok_asv5926	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Dasania
prok_asv5927	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv5928	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
prok_asv5929	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv5930	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv5931	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Salegentibacter
prok_asv5932	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv5933	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5934	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Solirubrobacterales	Solirubrobacteraceae	Solirubrobacter
prok_asv5935	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv5936	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv5938	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv5939	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv5940	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Rhodocyclaceae	Dechloromonas
prok_asv5941	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	Desulfotalea
prok_asv5942	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv5943	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5944	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Leifsonia
prok_asv5945	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv5946	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmata_or	Thermoplasmata_fa	Marine_Group_III
prok_asv5947	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5948	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv5949	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5950	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv5951	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv5952	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv5953	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv5954	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5956	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv5957	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5958	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Lentibacter
prok_asv5959	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv5960	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5962	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Ferrovibrionales	Ferrovibrionales_fa	Ferrovibrionales_fa uc
prok_asv5963	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Psychroserpens
prok_asv5964	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5965	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Aliikangiella
prok_asv5966	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv5967	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales_fa	Cand_Jidaibacter
prok_asv5968	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiella
prok_asv5969	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	P.palmC41	P.palmC41 uc	P.palmC41 uc
prok_asv5970	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5971	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv5972	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv5973	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv5974	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv5975	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv5976	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5977	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5978	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv5979	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv5980	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5981	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv5982	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv5983	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Allofrancisella
prok_asv5984	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv5985	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv5986	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv5987	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv5988	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv5989	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv5990	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv5991	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv5992	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	S085	S085 uc	S085 uc
prok_asv5993	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv5994	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
prok_asv5995	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
prok_asv5996	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv5997	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv5999	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv6000	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv6001	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv6002	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv6004	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Pseudofulvibacter
prok_asv6005	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
prok_asv6006	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6007	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv6008	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv6009	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
prok_asv6010	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
prok_asv6011	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv6012	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillales uc	Rhodospirillales uc
prok_asv6013	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv6014	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv6015	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
prok_asv6016	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv6017	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv6019	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6020	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv6021	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Alkanindiges
prok_asv6022	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
prok_asv6023	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
prok_asv6024	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv6025	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv6026	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Bernardetiaceae	Bernardetia
prok_asv6027	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv6028	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv6029	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Fulvivirga
prok_asv6030	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv6031	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Aliivibrio
prok_asv6032	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6033	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6034	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv6035	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv6036	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6037	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
prok_asv6038	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingorhabdus
prok_asv6039	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv6040	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv6041	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv6042	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv6043	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6044	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6045	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6046	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv6051	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Rhodanobacteraceae	Rhodanobacter
prok_asv6052	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6053	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Pedosphaerales	Pedosphaeraceae	SCGC_AAA164-E04
prok_asv6054	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv6055	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Fusobacterium
prok_asv6056	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6057	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
prok_asv6058	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
prok_asv6059	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6060	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv6061	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella
prok_asv6062	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv6064	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
prok_asv6065	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
prok_asv6066	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6067	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
prok_asv6068	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
prok_asv6069	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv6070	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv6071	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6072	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv6073	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SS1-B-07-19	SS1-B-07-19 uc	SS1-B-07-19 uc
prok_asv6074	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv6075	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
prok_asv6076	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv6077	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv6078	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv6080	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Kangiellaceae uc
prok_asv6081	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	Victivallales uc	Victivallales uc
prok_asv6082	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv6083	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	JGI_0000069-P22	JGI_0000069-P22 uc	JGI_0000069-P22 uc
prok_asv6084	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6085	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	4572-13	4572-13 uc
prok_asv6086	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv6088	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Arenibacter
prok_asv6090	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	SEEP-SRB4
prok_asv6091	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv6092	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv6093	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv6094	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6095	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv6096	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv6097	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6098	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv6099	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv6100	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Xanthomonas
prok_asv6101	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Limibaculum
prok_asv6102	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv6103	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobiaceae uc
prok_asv6104	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriales	Chroococcidiopsaceae	Chroococcidiopsaceae uc
prok_asv6105	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
prok_asv6106	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6107	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cytophagales uc	Cytophagales uc
prok_asv6108	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinota uc	Nitrospinota uc	Nitrospinota uc	Nitrospinota uc
prok_asv6109	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
prok_asv6110	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv6112	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv6113	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6114	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv6115	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6116	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv6117	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv6118	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv6119	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv6120	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv6121	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv6122	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv6124	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv6125	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Paenibacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Cohnella
prok_asv6126	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv6127	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
prok_asv6128	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv6129	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Reinekea
prok_asv6130	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
prok_asv6131	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv6132	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv6133	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv6134	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv6135	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv6136	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv6137	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv6138	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
prok_asv6139	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6140	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv6141	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv6142	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv6143	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6144	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv6145	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv6146	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv6147	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv6148	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Flammeovirgaceae	Flammeovirgaceae uc
prok_asv6149	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrionaceae uc
prok_asv6150	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv6151	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv6152	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Nonlabens
prok_asv6153	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv6154	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv6155	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiohalorhabdales	Thiohalorhabdaceae	Thiohalorhabdaceae uc
prok_asv6156	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv6157	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Thermicanales	Thermicanaceae	Thermicanus
prok_asv6158	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6159	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Roseospirillum
prok_asv6160	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv6161	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv6163	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
prok_asv6164	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
prok_asv6166	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
prok_asv6167	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6168	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv6169	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv6171	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6172	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv6173	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv6174	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv6175	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Desulfuromonadia uc	Desulfuromonadia uc	Desulfuromonadia uc
prok_asv6176	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6177	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv6178	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6180	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	JGI_0000069-P22	JGI_0000069-P22 uc	JGI_0000069-P22 uc
prok_asv6181	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Psychrilyobacter
prok_asv6182	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6183	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv6184	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv6185	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv6186	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6189	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
prok_asv6190	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv6191	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6192	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Marinoscillum
prok_asv6193	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv6194	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv6195	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv6196	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv6197	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6198	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	IS-44
prok_asv6199	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc
prok_asv6200	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv6201	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6202	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6203	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6204	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv6205	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesia
prok_asv6206	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv6209	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6210	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv6211	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv6212	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv6213	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Tenacibaculum
prok_asv6214	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv6215	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6216	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6217	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
prok_asv6218	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv6219	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv6220	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillales uc	Rhodospirillales uc
prok_asv6221	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv6223	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv6224	Bacteria	Deinococcota	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Deinococcaceae	Deinococcus
prok_asv6225	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
prok_asv6226	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv6227	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv6228	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Enhydrobacter
prok_asv6229	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiella
prok_asv6230	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
prok_asv6231	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv6232	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella
prok_asv6233	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv6234	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
prok_asv6235	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv6236	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
prok_asv6237	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
prok_asv6238	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6239	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv6240	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv6241	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv6242	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv6243	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	MBMPE27	MBMPE27 uc	MBMPE27 uc
prok_asv6244	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv6245	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv6246	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv6247	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
prok_asv6248	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv6249	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6250	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv6251	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv6252	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv6253	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv6254	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Firmicutes uc	Firmicutes uc	Firmicutes uc	Firmicutes uc
prok_asv6255	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv6256	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6257	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv6258	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv6259	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv6260	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Bosea
prok_asv6261	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv6262	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiohalorhabdales	Thiohalorhabdaceae	Thiohalorhabdaceae uc
prok_asv6263	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
prok_asv6264	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv6265	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
prok_asv6266	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
prok_asv6267	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv6268	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6269	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv6270	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6271	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv6272	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv6273	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv6274	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv6275	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophagaceae uc
prok_asv6276	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Octadecabacter
prok_asv6277	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6279	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6280	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv6281	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Photobacterium
prok_asv6282	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv6283	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Eel-36e1D6	Eel-36e1D6 uc
prok_asv6284	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
prok_asv6285	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv6286	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Coraliomargarita
prok_asv6287	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Ekhidna
prok_asv6288	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv6289	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
prok_asv6290	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6291	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methyloligellaceae	Methyloligellaceae uc
prok_asv6292	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv6293	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6294	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv6295	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv6296	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Ottowia
prok_asv6297	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv6298	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv6299	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella
prok_asv6300	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv6301	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Leucothrix
prok_asv6302	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv6303	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6304	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv6305	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv6306	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio
prok_asv6307	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv6308	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv6309	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
prok_asv6310	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv6311	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv6312	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
prok_asv6313	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
prok_asv6314	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv6315	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6316	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv6317	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Thioclava
prok_asv6318	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv6319	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides
prok_asv6320	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Paracaedibacterales	Paracaedibacteraceae	Paracaedibacteraceae uc
prok_asv6321	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv6322	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter
prok_asv6323	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Subsaxibacter
prok_asv6324	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv6325	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv6326	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
prok_asv6327	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Ruminococcaceae	Faecalibacterium
prok_asv6328	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	JGI_0000069-P22	JGI_0000069-P22 uc	JGI_0000069-P22 uc
prok_asv6329	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv6330	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv6331	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv6332	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6333	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6334	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv6335	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv6336	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv6337	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales_Incertae_Sedis	Alsobacter
prok_asv6338	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv6339	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6340	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv6341	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv6342	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv6343	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv6344	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv6345	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
prok_asv6346	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
prok_asv6348	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae	Granulicatella
prok_asv6349	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv6350	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6351	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv6352	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv6353	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6354	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Comamonadaceae uc
prok_asv6356	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv6357	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv6358	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
prok_asv6359	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv6360	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv6361	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv6362	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Marixanthomonas
prok_asv6363	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6364	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv6365	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
prok_asv6366	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
prok_asv6367	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv6369	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv6370	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
prok_asv6372	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Rhodocyclaceae	Methyloversatilis
prok_asv6373	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Kangiellaceae uc
prok_asv6374	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv6375	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
prok_asv6376	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SZB50	SZB50 uc	SZB50 uc
prok_asv6377	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv6378	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Pseudorhodobacter
prok_asv6379	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv6380	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Pseudofulvibacter
prok_asv6381	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv6382	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv6383	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6384	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6385	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
prok_asv6386	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_26	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc
prok_asv6387	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv6388	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseovarius
prok_asv6389	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv6390	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
prok_asv6391	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
prok_asv6392	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6393	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv6394	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Rhodopseudomonas
prok_asv6395	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv6396	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv6397	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
prok_asv6398	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv6399	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
prok_asv6400	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv6401	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv6402	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv6403	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv6404	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv6405	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv6406	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv6408	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinifilaceae	Marinifilum
prok_asv6409	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	JGI_0000069-P22	JGI_0000069-P22 uc	JGI_0000069-P22 uc
prok_asv6410	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv6411	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv6412	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6413	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv6414	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv6415	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv6416	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
prok_asv6417	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Sediminibacterium
prok_asv6418	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Dasania
prok_asv6420	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Saccharospirillaceae uc
prok_asv6421	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv6422	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv6423	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv6424	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv6425	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6426	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv6427	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv6428	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv6429	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv6430	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv6432	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv6433	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
prok_asv6434	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv6435	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv6436	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv6437	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Fulvivirga
prok_asv6438	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv6439	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv6440	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6441	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv6442	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Ferruginibacter
prok_asv6443	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Asticcacaulis
prok_asv6444	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
prok_asv6445	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv6446	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides
prok_asv6447	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv6448	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
prok_asv6449	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Pseudofulvibacter
prok_asv6450	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Planctomicrobium
prok_asv6451	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter
prok_asv6452	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6453	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Afipia
prok_asv6454	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6455	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv6456	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6457	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv6459	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv6460	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv6461	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
prok_asv6462	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv6463	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sedimentitalea
prok_asv6464	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv6466	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriales uc	Sphingobacteriales uc
prok_asv6467	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria uc	Actinobacteria uc	Actinobacteria uc
prok_asv6469	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv6470	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv6471	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
prok_asv6472	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv6473	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Ideonella
prok_asv6475	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6476	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
prok_asv6477	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
prok_asv6478	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv6479	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oleiphilaceae	Oleiphilus
prok_asv6480	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv6481	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv6482	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv6483	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiellaceae uc
prok_asv6484	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv6487	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6488	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv6489	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv6490	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
prok_asv6491	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
prok_asv6492	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv6493	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
prok_asv6494	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6495	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
prok_asv6496	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv6497	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv6498	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv6499	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv6500	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv6501	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv6502	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
prok_asv6504	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv6505	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6506	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv6507	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Cerasicoccus
prok_asv6508	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc
prok_asv6509	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv6510	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv6511	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv6512	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv6513	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
prok_asv6514	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6515	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
prok_asv6516	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Moraxella
prok_asv6517	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv6518	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	LCP-80
prok_asv6519	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6520	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
prok_asv6521	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	AT-s2-59	AT-s2-59 uc	AT-s2-59 uc
prok_asv6522	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv6523	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv6524	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv6525	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Alcaligenes
prok_asv6526	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6527	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
prok_asv6528	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv6529	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6530	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Hydrogenophaga
prok_asv6531	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv6532	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6533	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv6534	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv6535	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv6536	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv6537	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv6538	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
prok_asv6539	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Algoriphagus
prok_asv6540	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
prok_asv6541	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillales uc	Rhodospirillales uc
prok_asv6542	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Cloacibacterium
prok_asv6543	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6544	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv6545	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
prok_asv6546	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv6547	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Flammeovirgaceae	Flammeovirgaceae uc
prok_asv6548	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv6549	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv6550	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
prok_asv6551	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv6552	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
prok_asv6553	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Chelatococcus
prok_asv6555	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
prok_asv6556	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
prok_asv6557	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Hydrogenophaga
prok_asv6558	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv6559	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv6560	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv6561	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
prok_asv6562	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6563	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6564	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv6565	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6566	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Arcticiflavibacter
prok_asv6567	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv6568	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Staphylococcales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus
prok_asv6569	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv6570	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Jejudonia
prok_asv6571	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv6572	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomicaceae uc
prok_asv6573	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6574	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv6576	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv6578	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv6579	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv6580	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
prok_asv6581	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc
prok_asv6582	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	AT-s2-59	AT-s2-59 uc	AT-s2-59 uc
prok_asv6583	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Psychroserpens
prok_asv6585	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv6586	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6587	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Halobacteriovorax
prok_asv6588	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv6589	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv6590	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Maricurvus
prok_asv6591	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Terasakiellaceae	Terasakiellaceae uc
prok_asv6592	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
prok_asv6593	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
prok_asv6594	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Fuerstia
prok_asv6595	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Saccharospirillaceae uc
prok_asv6598	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
prok_asv6599	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6600	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6601	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
prok_asv6602	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv6603	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Thiolapillus
prok_asv6604	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6605	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Tabrizicola
prok_asv6606	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv6608	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv6609	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6610	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv6612	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Hydrogenophaga
prok_asv6613	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv6614	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv6615	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv6616	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv6617	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Stenotrophomonas
prok_asv6618	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv6619	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
prok_asv6620	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv6621	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv6622	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv6623	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Firmicutes uc	Firmicutes uc	Firmicutes uc	Firmicutes uc
prok_asv6624	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv6625	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Arcticiflavibacter
prok_asv6626	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6627	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	MSB-1D1
prok_asv6629	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6630	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv6631	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophia uc	Omnitrophia uc	Omnitrophia uc
prok_asv6632	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv6633	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv6634	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
prok_asv6635	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6636	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
prok_asv6637	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6638	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Litoricolaceae	Litoricola
prok_asv6639	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv6640	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6641	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv6642	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv6643	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionales uc	Cellvibrionales uc
prok_asv6645	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv6646	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv6647	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv6648	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6649	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv6650	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6651	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
prok_asv6652	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
prok_asv6653	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
prok_asv6654	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv6655	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
prok_asv6656	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv6657	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6658	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv6659	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6660	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv6661	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv6662	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
prok_asv6663	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
prok_asv6664	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6665	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6666	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv6667	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv6668	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
prok_asv6669	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv6671	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv6672	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Rhodospirillaceae uc
prok_asv6673	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv6674	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionales uc	Cellvibrionales uc
prok_asv6675	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv6676	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv6677	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv6678	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv6679	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	Arctic95B-14	Arctic95B-14 uc
prok_asv6680	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv6681	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv6682	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
prok_asv6683	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv6684	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv6685	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv6686	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv6687	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv6688	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv6689	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
prok_asv6691	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv6692	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv6693	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6694	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6695	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinifilaceae	Marinifilaceae uc
prok_asv6696	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv6697	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6699	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv6700	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium
prok_asv6701	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv6702	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv6703	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv6704	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
prok_asv6705	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales-Selenomonadales	Veillonellaceae	Veillonella
prok_asv6707	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv6708	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv6709	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6710	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv6711	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv6712	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv6713	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv6714	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv6715	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv6717	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Weeksellaceae uc
prok_asv6718	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Altererythrobacter
prok_asv6719	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
prok_asv6720	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Granulosicoccales	Granulosicoccaceae	Granulosicoccus
prok_asv6722	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv6723	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Rubidimonas
prok_asv6724	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6725	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv6726	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
prok_asv6727	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv6728	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
prok_asv6729	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
prok_asv6730	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv6731	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6732	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6733	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv6734	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv6735	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
prok_asv6736	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv6737	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv6738	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv6739	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiales	Chlamydiales uc	Chlamydiales uc
prok_asv6740	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisella
prok_asv6741	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
prok_asv6742	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_26	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc
prok_asv6743	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv6744	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6745	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv6746	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv6747	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv6748	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv6749	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6750	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv6751	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
prok_asv6752	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv6753	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Rhodospirillaceae uc
prok_asv6754	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv6755	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella
prok_asv6756	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv6757	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
prok_asv6758	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv6759	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Chryseobacterium
prok_asv6760	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv6761	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv6762	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv6763	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
prok_asv6764	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
prok_asv6765	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Hyphomonadaceae uc
prok_asv6766	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv6767	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv6768	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv6769	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv6770	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Psychroserpens
prok_asv6771	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv6772	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv6773	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
prok_asv6774	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Parvularculaceae	Marinicaulis
prok_asv6775	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methyloligellaceae	Methyloligellaceae uc
prok_asv6777	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv6778	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv6779	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	vadinHA49	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc
prok_asv6780	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv6781	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv6782	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
prok_asv6783	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6784	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv6785	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv6786	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorpha
prok_asv6787	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv6788	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv6789	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv6790	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv6791	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
prok_asv6792	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv6793	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
prok_asv6794	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rubripirellula
prok_asv6795	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Allorhizobium-Neorhizobium-Pararhizobium-Rhizobium
prok_asv6796	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Algimonas
prok_asv6797	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6798	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Dasania
prok_asv6799	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv6800	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv6801	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6802	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	SEEP-SRB4
prok_asv6803	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv6804	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6805	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv6806	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiohalorhabdales	Thiohalorhabdaceae	Thiohalorhabdaceae uc
prok_asv6807	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv6808	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6809	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
prok_asv6810	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Rhodocyclaceae	Dechlorosoma
prok_asv6811	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv6812	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_5	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc
prok_asv6813	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv6814	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv6815	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv6816	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
prok_asv6817	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv6818	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Dasania
prok_asv6819	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriales uc	Sphingobacteriales uc
prok_asv6821	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv6822	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv6823	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6824	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6825	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv6826	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Persicirhabdus
prok_asv6827	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6828	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
prok_asv6829	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
prok_asv6830	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_26	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc
prok_asv6831	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6832	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	P9X2b3D02	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc
prok_asv6833	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Methylococcales	Cycloclasticaceae	Cycloclasticus
prok_asv6834	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutimonas
prok_asv6835	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	053A03-B-DI-P58	053A03-B-DI-P58 uc	053A03-B-DI-P58 uc
prok_asv6836	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv6837	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv6839	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	UBA12409	UBA12409 uc
prok_asv6840	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv6841	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv6843	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv6844	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv6845	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv6846	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Bythopirellula
prok_asv6847	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	Methylotenera
prok_asv6848	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv6849	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv6850	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
prok_asv6851	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6852	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv6853	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6854	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
prok_asv6855	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv6857	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6858	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv6859	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6860	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmata_or	Thermoplasmata_fa	Marine_Group_III
prok_asv6861	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv6862	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella
prok_asv6863	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv6864	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv6865	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6866	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv6867	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv6868	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv6869	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv6870	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv6871	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Altererythrobacter
prok_asv6872	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	P0X4b2H11	P0X4b2H11 uc	P0X4b2H11 uc
prok_asv6873	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv6875	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv6876	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6877	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv6878	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv6879	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv6880	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv6881	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv6882	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv6883	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6884	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv6885	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv6886	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Cryobacterium
prok_asv6887	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv6888	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv6889	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
prok_asv6890	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
prok_asv6891	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
prok_asv6892	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv6893	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv6894	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv6895	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
prok_asv6896	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	Desulfocapsaceae uc
prok_asv6897	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
prok_asv6898	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Reyranellales	Reyranellaceae	Reyranella
prok_asv6899	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Persicirhabdus
prok_asv6900	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv6901	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv6902	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv6903	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
prok_asv6904	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv6905	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv6906	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
prok_asv6907	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6908	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sedimentitalea
prok_asv6909	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv6910	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6911	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv6912	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6913	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv6914	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv6915	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
prok_asv6916	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv6917	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv6918	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS3a
prok_asv6919	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv6921	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
prok_asv6922	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv6923	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv6924	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Octadecabacter
prok_asv6925	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv6926	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6927	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv6928	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6929	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv6930	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6931	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv6932	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv6933	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Octadecabacter
prok_asv6934	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv6935	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
prok_asv6936	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
prok_asv6937	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv6938	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhodobiaceae	Amorphus
prok_asv6939	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
prok_asv6940	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv6941	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae	Carnobacterium
prok_asv6942	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
prok_asv6943	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv6944	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Sandaracinaceae	Sandaracinus
prok_asv6945	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv6946	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv6947	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6948	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lacinutrix
prok_asv6949	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv6950	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv6951	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv6952	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6953	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv6954	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv6955	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv6956	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv6957	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Subgroup_9	Subgroup_9 uc	Subgroup_9 uc
prok_asv6958	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Lentimicrobiaceae	Lentimicrobiaceae uc
prok_asv6959	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv6960	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Curvibacter
prok_asv6962	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv6963	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6964	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv6965	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv6966	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv6967	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv6968	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv6969	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Euryhalocaulis
prok_asv6970	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
prok_asv6971	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv6972	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv6973	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv6974	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv6975	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Lentibacter
prok_asv6976	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv6977	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv6978	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv6979	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
prok_asv6980	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
prok_asv6981	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv6982	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Anaerococcus
prok_asv6984	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv6985	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv6986	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv6987	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	Cand_Peregrinibacteria	Cand_Peregrinibacteria uc	Cand_Peregrinibacteria uc
prok_asv6989	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv6990	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv6991	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
prok_asv6992	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
prok_asv6993	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv6994	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv6995	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv6996	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv6997	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv6998	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv6999	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7000	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7001	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7002	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7003	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv7004	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	KD4-96	KD4-96 uc	KD4-96 uc	KD4-96 uc
prok_asv7005	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Reichenbachiella
prok_asv7006	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
prok_asv7007	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv7008	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv7009	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
prok_asv7010	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv7011	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
prok_asv7012	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv7013	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv7014	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv7015	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	AqS1
prok_asv7016	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv7017	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
prok_asv7018	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
prok_asv7019	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Paucibacter
prok_asv7020	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv7021	Bacteria	Deinococcota	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Trueperaceae	Truepera
prok_asv7022	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Ardenticatenales	Ardenticatenales uc	Ardenticatenales uc
prok_asv7023	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
prok_asv7024	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv7025	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
prok_asv7026	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7027	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Pedosphaerales	Pedosphaeraceae	SCGC_AAA164-E04
prok_asv7028	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
prok_asv7029	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7030	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv7031	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv7032	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
prok_asv7033	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv7034	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv7035	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv7036	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv7037	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv7038	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv7039	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Allofrancisella
prok_asv7040	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv7041	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Parafrigoribacterium
prok_asv7042	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	TK17	TK17 uc	TK17 uc	TK17 uc
prok_asv7043	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7046	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
prok_asv7047	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
prok_asv7048	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv7049	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
prok_asv7050	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
prok_asv7051	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv7052	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv7053	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv7054	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7055	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
prok_asv7056	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
prok_asv7057	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv7058	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7059	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
prok_asv7060	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv7061	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Robiginitomaculum
prok_asv7062	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv7063	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv7064	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla4_lineage	Pla4_lineage uc	Pla4_lineage uc	Pla4_lineage uc
prok_asv7065	Bacteria	Deinococcota	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Deinococcaceae	Deinococcus
prok_asv7066	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rubrivirga
prok_asv7067	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Sediminibacterium
prok_asv7068	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv7069	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Yoonia-Loktanella
prok_asv7071	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Bradyrhizobium
prok_asv7072	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv7073	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces
prok_asv7074	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
prok_asv7075	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv7076	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv7077	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
prok_asv7078	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Polymorphobacter
prok_asv7079	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv7080	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv7081	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv7082	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv7083	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv7084	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv7086	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Thalassobaculales uc	Thalassobaculales uc
prok_asv7087	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv7088	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7089	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv7090	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7091	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7092	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7094	Bacteria	Myxococcota	bacteriap25	bacteriap25 uc	bacteriap25 uc	bacteriap25 uc
prok_asv7095	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv7096	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv7097	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv7098	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv7099	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Tenderiales	Tenderiaceae	Cand_Tenderia
prok_asv7100	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7101	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv7102	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv7103	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv7104	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae uc
prok_asv7105	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Granulosicoccales	Granulosicoccaceae	Granulosicoccus
prok_asv7106	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7107	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv7108	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
prok_asv7109	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv7110	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv7111	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
prok_asv7112	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Algimonas
prok_asv7113	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv7114	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
prok_asv7115	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv7116	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7117	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7118	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7119	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	AKAU3564_sediment_group	AKAU3564_sediment_group uc
prok_asv7120	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavicella
prok_asv7121	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv7122	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
prok_asv7123	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Parasphingopyxis
prok_asv7124	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Ekhidna
prok_asv7125	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
prok_asv7126	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv7127	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
prok_asv7128	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv7129	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv7130	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv7131	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	SEEP-SRB1
prok_asv7132	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv7133	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv7134	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7136	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv7137	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7138	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv7139	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv7140	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
prok_asv7141	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Pedobacter
prok_asv7142	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv7143	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Staphylococcales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus
prok_asv7144	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv7145	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv7146	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
prok_asv7147	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Bernardetiaceae	Garritya
prok_asv7148	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv7149	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv7150	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
prok_asv7151	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Actibacter
prok_asv7153	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv7154	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv7155	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv7156	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv7157	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sandarakinorhabdus
prok_asv7158	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquibacter
prok_asv7159	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv7161	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv7162	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella
prok_asv7163	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
prok_asv7164	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Anaerococcus
prok_asv7165	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	KD4-96	KD4-96 uc	KD4-96 uc	KD4-96 uc
prok_asv7166	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv7167	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
prok_asv7168	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Arcticiflavibacter
prok_asv7169	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
prok_asv7170	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
prok_asv7172	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv7173	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv7174	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv7175	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv7176	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Spirosomaceae	Emticicia
prok_asv7177	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Comamonadaceae uc
prok_asv7178	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
prok_asv7179	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7180	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophagaceae uc
prok_asv7181	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
prok_asv7182	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv7183	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SM23-30	SM23-30 uc
prok_asv7184	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv7185	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv7186	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7187	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Paracaedibacterales	Paracaedibacteraceae	Cand_Captivus
prok_asv7188	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
prok_asv7189	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv7190	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7191	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv7192	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv7193	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7194	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Leifsonia
prok_asv7195	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7196	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv7197	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
prok_asv7198	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv7199	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Pedobacter
prok_asv7200	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7201	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv7202	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	Puniceispirillales uc	Puniceispirillales uc
prok_asv7203	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv7205	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
prok_asv7206	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Ekhidna
prok_asv7207	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	0319-6G20	0319-6G20 uc	0319-6G20 uc
prok_asv7208	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7209	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv7210	Bacteria	Campilobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Arcobacteraceae uc
prok_asv7211	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv7212	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7213	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
prok_asv7214	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv7215	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Photobacterium
prok_asv7216	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Halobacteriovorax
prok_asv7217	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv7218	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv7219	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv7220	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7221	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv7222	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv7223	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	C1-B045
prok_asv7224	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv7225	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv7226	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
prok_asv7227	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7228	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv7229	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Reichenbachiella
prok_asv7230	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
prok_asv7232	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
prok_asv7233	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv7234	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv7235	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv7236	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv7237	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
prok_asv7238	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Bythopirellula
prok_asv7239	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv7240	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv7241	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7242	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv7243	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv7244	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7245	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv7246	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7247	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7248	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Psychromonadaceae	Psychromonas
prok_asv7249	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv7250	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv7251	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Rhodanobacteraceae	Dokdonella
prok_asv7252	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv7253	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv7254	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv7255	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
prok_asv7256	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter
prok_asv7257	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
prok_asv7258	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Cloacibacterium
prok_asv7259	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Synechococcales	Cyanobiaceae	Synechococcus
prok_asv7260	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv7261	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv7262	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Anaerococcus
prok_asv7263	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
prok_asv7264	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv7265	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv7266	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv7267	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv7268	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv7269	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	Methylophilus
prok_asv7270	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7271	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinaceae	Cand_Actinomarina
prok_asv7272	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv7273	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv7274	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv7275	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv7276	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv7277	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	028H05-P-BN-P5	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc
prok_asv7278	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc
prok_asv7279	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
prok_asv7280	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv7281	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7282	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Marimicrobium
prok_asv7283	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv7284	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Brevundimonas
prok_asv7285	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomicaceae uc
prok_asv7286	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv7287	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv7288	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7289	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7291	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv7292	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade III	SAR11 Clade III uc
prok_asv7293	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv7294	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7295	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
prok_asv7297	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	Sva0081_sediment_group
prok_asv7298	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv7299	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv7300	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmata_or	Thermoplasmata_fa	Marine_Group_III
prok_asv7301	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv7302	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv7303	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv7304	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7305	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv7306	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv7307	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7308	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv7309	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv7310	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	Nitrosomonas
prok_asv7311	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriales	Chroococcidiopsaceae	Aliterella
prok_asv7312	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Terasakiellaceae	Terasakiellaceae uc
prok_asv7313	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv7314	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv7315	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv7316	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv7317	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7318	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
prok_asv7319	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv7320	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Undibacterium
prok_asv7321	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Marinoscillum
prok_asv7322	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella
prok_asv7323	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv7324	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv7325	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv7326	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
prok_asv7327	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv7328	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv7329	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Staphylococcales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus
prok_asv7330	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Pedobacter
prok_asv7331	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7332	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
prok_asv7333	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
prok_asv7334	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7336	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv7337	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv7338	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
prok_asv7339	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
prok_asv7340	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
prok_asv7341	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales-Selenomonadales	Veillonellaceae	Veillonella
prok_asv7342	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv7343	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv7344	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sedimentitalea
prok_asv7345	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Acidovorax
prok_asv7346	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisella
prok_asv7347	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv7349	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv7350	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv7351	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv7352	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv7353	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv7354	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Granulosicoccales	Granulosicoccaceae	Granulosicoccus
prok_asv7355	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv7356	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
prok_asv7357	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
prok_asv7359	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv7360	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv7361	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7362	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	028H05-P-BN-P5	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc
prok_asv7363	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv7364	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv7365	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7366	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7367	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
prok_asv7368	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Reyranellales	Reyranellaceae	Reyranella
prok_asv7369	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
prok_asv7370	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv7371	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv7372	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv7373	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv7374	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	EF100-94H03	EF100-94H03 uc
prok_asv7375	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophagaceae uc
prok_asv7376	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv7377	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv7378	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Vermiphilaceae	Vermiphilaceae uc
prok_asv7379	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv7380	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv7381	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv7382	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv7383	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv7384	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv7385	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7386	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv7387	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7389	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7390	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7391	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv7392	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7393	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv7394	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv7396	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv7397	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7398	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomicaceae uc
prok_asv7399	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv7400	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria uc	Actinobacteria uc	Actinobacteria uc
prok_asv7401	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv7402	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Maricurvus
prok_asv7403	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv7404	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Haemophilus
prok_asv7405	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Lentimonas
prok_asv7406	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Kapabacteria	Kapabacteriales	Kapabacteriales uc	Kapabacteriales uc
prok_asv7407	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv7408	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv7409	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Erythrobacter
prok_asv7410	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
prok_asv7411	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv7412	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
prok_asv7413	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv7414	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv7415	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv7416	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
prok_asv7417	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7418	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rubripirellula
prok_asv7419	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
prok_asv7420	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	GW2011_GWC1_47_15	GW2011_GWC1_47_15 uc
prok_asv7421	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv7422	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	MWH-UniP1_aquatic_group	MWH-UniP1_aquatic_group uc
prok_asv7423	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	Kiritimatiellales	Kiritimatiellaceae	R76-B128
prok_asv7424	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv7425	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv7426	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv7427	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv7428	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Solirubrobacterales	67-14	67-14 uc
prok_asv7429	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv7430	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv7431	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
prok_asv7432	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv7433	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
prok_asv7434	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv7435	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv7436	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	TK17	TK17 uc	TK17 uc	TK17 uc
prok_asv7437	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv7438	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv7439	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Microbulbiferaceae	Microbulbifer
prok_asv7440	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv7441	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Granulosicoccales	Granulosicoccaceae	Granulosicoccus
prok_asv7442	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv7443	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv7444	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
prok_asv7445	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
prok_asv7446	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv7447	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7449	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacteriaceae uc
prok_asv7450	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
prok_asv7451	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
prok_asv7452	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
prok_asv7453	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Marimicrobium
prok_asv7455	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7456	Bacteria	Campilobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Sulfurovaceae	Sulfurovum
prok_asv7457	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv7458	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Kangiellaceae uc
prok_asv7459	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv7460	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv7461	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv7462	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv7463	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv7464	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv7465	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7466	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv7467	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv7468	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv7469	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv7470	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Marine_Methylotrophic_Group_3
prok_asv7472	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7473	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Collimonas
prok_asv7474	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Litoricolaceae	Litoricola
prok_asv7475	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv7476	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv7477	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Apibacter
prok_asv7478	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	MSB-1D1
prok_asv7479	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7480	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
prok_asv7481	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sedimentitalea
prok_asv7482	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv7483	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv7484	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv7485	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv7486	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv7487	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Massilia
prok_asv7488	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv7489	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv7490	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv7491	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Glaciecola
prok_asv7492	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv7493	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
prok_asv7494	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7495	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
prok_asv7496	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
prok_asv7497	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
prok_asv7498	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7500	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
prok_asv7501	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquibacter
prok_asv7502	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv7503	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7504	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv7505	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingorhabdus
prok_asv7506	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv7508	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv7509	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Psychromonadaceae	Psychromonas
prok_asv7510	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv7511	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	Cm1-21
prok_asv7512	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv7513	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv7514	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
prok_asv7515	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Psychromonadaceae	Psychromonas
prok_asv7516	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
prok_asv7517	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas
prok_asv7518	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv7519	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella
prok_asv7520	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv7521	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7522	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7523	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv7524	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv7525	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv7526	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
prok_asv7527	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
prok_asv7528	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv7529	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiales	Chlamydiales uc	Chlamydiales uc
prok_asv7530	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7531	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Pedobacter
prok_asv7532	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv7533	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv7534	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv7535	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7536	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
prok_asv7537	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Nonlabens
prok_asv7538	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv7539	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseovarius
prok_asv7540	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv7541	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadales uc	Kordiimonadales uc
prok_asv7542	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv7543	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv7544	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv7545	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriales uc	Sphingobacteriales uc
prok_asv7546	Bacteria	Campilobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Arcobacteraceae uc
prok_asv7547	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv7548	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
prok_asv7549	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Planctomicrobium
prok_asv7550	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv7551	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv7552	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv7553	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv7554	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7555	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv7556	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv7557	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv7558	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv7559	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv7560	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv7561	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv7562	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7563	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales_fa	Pseudobacteriovorax
prok_asv7564	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv7565	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7566	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
prok_asv7567	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7568	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv7569	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv7571	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
prok_asv7573	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv7574	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv7575	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Rhodospirillaceae uc
prok_asv7576	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
prok_asv7577	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv7578	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv7579	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7580	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv7581	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lacinutrix
prok_asv7582	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7583	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv7585	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Pedobacter
prok_asv7586	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv7587	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7588	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv7589	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
prok_asv7590	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc
prok_asv7591	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv7592	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
prok_asv7593	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Dokdonia
prok_asv7594	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv7595	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
prok_asv7596	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7597	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Iamiaceae	Iamia
prok_asv7598	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv7599	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
prok_asv7600	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv7601	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
prok_asv7602	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophagaceae uc
prok_asv7603	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sedimentitalea
prok_asv7604	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv7605	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
prok_asv7606	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7607	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv7608	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7609	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv7610	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella
prok_asv7611	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv7613	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv7614	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv7615	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Acidobacteriae	PAUC26f	PAUC26f uc	PAUC26f uc
prok_asv7616	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
prok_asv7617	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv7618	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrio
prok_asv7619	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Amoebophilaceae	Cand_Amoebophilus
prok_asv7620	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv7621	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv7622	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv7623	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	Desulfosarcinaceae uc
prok_asv7624	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv7625	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv7626	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv7627	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv7628	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Pseudophaeobacter
prok_asv7629	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7630	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv7631	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv7632	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseovarius
prok_asv7633	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7634	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Actibacterium
prok_asv7635	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv7636	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv7637	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7639	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv7640	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv7641	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	AT-s2-59	AT-s2-59 uc	AT-s2-59 uc
prok_asv7643	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv7644	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
prok_asv7645	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv7646	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv7647	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv7648	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv7649	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv7650	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv7651	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv7652	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
prok_asv7653	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	Parvibaculales uc	Parvibaculales uc
prok_asv7654	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
prok_asv7655	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7656	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
prok_asv7657	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
prok_asv7658	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7659	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	Desulfotalea
prok_asv7660	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7661	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv7662	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv7663	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Pseudofulvibacter
prok_asv7664	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv7665	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Haliangiales	Haliangiaceae	Haliangium
prok_asv7668	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
prok_asv7669	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Reichenbachiella
prok_asv7670	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv7671	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv7672	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv7673	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv7674	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7675	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv7676	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7677	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Solirubrobacterales	67-14	67-14 uc
prok_asv7678	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7679	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Stenotrophomonas
prok_asv7680	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv7681	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv7682	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv7683	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv7685	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Rothia
prok_asv7686	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv7688	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv7689	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Eel-36e1D6	Eel-36e1D6 uc
prok_asv7690	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv7691	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
prok_asv7692	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Oleispira
prok_asv7693	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv7694	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv7695	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv7696	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EV818SWSAP88	EV818SWSAP88 uc	EV818SWSAP88 uc
prok_asv7698	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7699	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv7700	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
prok_asv7702	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv7703	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv7704	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
prok_asv7705	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7706	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv7707	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HgCo23	HgCo23 uc	HgCo23 uc
prok_asv7708	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv7709	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv7710	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
prok_asv7711	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv7712	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv7713	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv7714	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv7715	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7716	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
prok_asv7717	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv7718	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv7719	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv7720	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv7721	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv7722	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv7723	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv7724	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	028H05-P-BN-P5	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc
prok_asv7725	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv7726	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
prok_asv7727	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7728	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv7729	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	UBA12409	UBA12409 uc
prok_asv7730	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	BD7-8	BD7-8 uc	BD7-8 uc
prok_asv7731	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv7732	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv7733	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella
prok_asv7734	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
prok_asv7735	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv7736	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Olleya
prok_asv7737	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Mesonia
prok_asv7738	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv7739	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv7740	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	Desulfocapsaceae uc
prok_asv7742	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv7743	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7744	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv7745	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7746	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HgCo23	HgCo23 uc	HgCo23 uc
prok_asv7747	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7748	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv7749	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	Sva0081_sediment_group
prok_asv7750	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	IS-44
prok_asv7751	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv7752	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7753	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv7754	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv7755	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Nocardioides
prok_asv7756	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7757	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
prok_asv7758	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv7759	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Dermacoccaceae	Kytococcus
prok_asv7760	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
prok_asv7761	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella
prok_asv7762	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Pelagicoccus
prok_asv7764	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7765	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Enhydrobacter
prok_asv7766	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv7767	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7768	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv7769	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Limibaculum
prok_asv7770	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
prok_asv7771	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv7772	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
prok_asv7773	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv7774	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv7775	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv7776	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv7777	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7778	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv7779	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv7780	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7781	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7782	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv7783	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv7784	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv7785	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Saccharospirillaceae uc
prok_asv7786	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7787	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7788	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv7790	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv7794	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Sva1033	Sva1033 uc	Sva1033 uc
prok_asv7795	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv7796	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Cellulophaga
prok_asv7797	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv7798	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Paracaedibacterales	Paracaedibacteraceae	Paracaedibacteraceae uc
prok_asv7799	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv7800	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv7801	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv7803	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Haloferula
prok_asv7804	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Amoebophilaceae	Cand_Amoebophilus
prok_asv7805	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
prok_asv7806	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv7807	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobiaceae uc
prok_asv7808	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv7809	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	AqS1
prok_asv7810	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv7811	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv7812	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv7814	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv7815	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	NRL2	NRL2 uc	NRL2 uc
prok_asv7816	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv7817	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
prok_asv7818	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Maricaulis
prok_asv7819	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv7820	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7821	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Algicola
prok_asv7822	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv7823	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv7824	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7825	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
prok_asv7826	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv7827	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv7828	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv7829	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv7830	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7831	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriales uc	Sphingobacteriales uc
prok_asv7832	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv7833	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv7834	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv7835	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv7836	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv7837	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Dermabacteraceae	Brachybacterium
prok_asv7838	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv7839	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv7840	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7841	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv7842	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv7843	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7844	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv7845	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv7846	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7847	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7848	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv7849	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv7851	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv7852	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
prok_asv7853	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv7854	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv7855	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv7856	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv7857	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Cerasicoccus
prok_asv7858	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv7859	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv7860	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv7861	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7862	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv7863	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv7864	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv7865	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7866	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv7867	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
prok_asv7868	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7869	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv7870	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
prok_asv7871	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Cognatiyoonia
prok_asv7873	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7874	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
prok_asv7875	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv7876	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv7877	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
prok_asv7878	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomicaceae uc
prok_asv7879	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv7880	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv7882	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7883	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv7884	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv7885	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv7886	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv7887	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
prok_asv7888	Bacteria	AncK6	AncK6 uc	AncK6 uc	AncK6 uc	AncK6 uc
prok_asv7889	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
prok_asv7890	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv7891	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
prok_asv7892	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
prok_asv7893	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7894	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv7895	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv7896	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Ferruginibacter
prok_asv7897	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc
prok_asv7898	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv7899	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7900	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	PeM15	PeM15 uc	PeM15 uc
prok_asv7901	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv7902	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	MSB-1D1
prok_asv7903	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
prok_asv7904	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
prok_asv7905	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv7906	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv7907	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv7908	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Glaciecola
prok_asv7909	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7910	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
prok_asv7911	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv7912	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7913	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7914	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv7915	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella
prok_asv7916	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv7917	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
prok_asv7918	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv7919	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv7920	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7921	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv7922	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
prok_asv7923	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
prok_asv7924	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv7925	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv7926	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
prok_asv7927	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv7928	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv7929	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv7930	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv7931	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7932	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv7933	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv7934	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicellaceae uc
prok_asv7935	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv7936	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv7937	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv7938	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktotalea
prok_asv7939	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv7940	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv7941	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv7942	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv7943	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7944	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv7945	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc
prok_asv7946	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7947	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv7948	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Hafniaceae	Hafnia-Obesumbacterium
prok_asv7949	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv7950	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv7951	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv7952	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
prok_asv7953	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
prok_asv7954	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium_sensu_stricto_10
prok_asv7955	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7956	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	Desulfocapsa
prok_asv7957	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	SM2D12	SM2D12 uc
prok_asv7958	Bacteria	Nitrospirota	Nitrospiria	Nitrospirales	Nitrospiraceae	Nitrospira
prok_asv7959	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Brevibacteriaceae	Brevibacterium
prok_asv7960	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Ardenticatenales	Ardenticatenales uc	Ardenticatenales uc
prok_asv7961	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophagaceae uc
prok_asv7962	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium_sensu_stricto_1
prok_asv7963	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces
prok_asv7964	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Moraxella
prok_asv7965	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Dermacoccaceae	Dermacoccaceae uc
prok_asv7966	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv7967	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv7968	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv7969	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
prok_asv7970	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	RF39	RF39 uc	RF39 uc
prok_asv7971	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv7972	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystis
prok_asv7973	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv7974	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
prok_asv7975	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SM23-30	SM23-30 uc
prok_asv7976	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7977	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Caulobacter
prok_asv7978	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7979	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv7980	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv7981	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter
prok_asv7982	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv7983	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv7984	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Acetobacterales	Acetobacteraceae	Roseococcus
prok_asv7985	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv7986	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv7987	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv7988	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv7989	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv7990	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadales uc	Kordiimonadales uc
prok_asv7991	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv7992	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv7993	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcota uc	Myxococcota uc	Myxococcota uc	Myxococcota uc
prok_asv7994	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv7995	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv7996	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv7997	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv7998	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv7999	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8000	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
prok_asv8001	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv8002	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Octadecabacter
prok_asv8003	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Altererythrobacter
prok_asv8004	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8005	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv8006	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	P9X2b3D02	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc
prok_asv8007	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
prok_asv8008	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv8009	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Cognatiyoonia
prok_asv8010	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv8011	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv8013	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv8014	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Paracaedibacterales	Paracaedibacteraceae	Cand_Captivus
prok_asv8015	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv8016	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cand_Endobugula
prok_asv8017	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv8018	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv8019	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv8020	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
prok_asv8021	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv8022	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8023	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv8024	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv8025	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv8026	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8027	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8028	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8029	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv8030	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv8031	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8032	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv8033	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc
prok_asv8034	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv8035	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	BD7-8	BD7-8 uc	BD7-8 uc
prok_asv8036	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv8037	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv8038	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv8039	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SM23-30	SM23-30 uc
prok_asv8040	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv8041	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv8043	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv8044	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Algoriphagus
prok_asv8045	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Bizionia
prok_asv8047	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8048	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Albimonas
prok_asv8049	Archaea	Halobacterota	Halobacteria	Halobacterales	Halomicrobiaceae	Halomicrobiaceae uc
prok_asv8050	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Ahrensia
prok_asv8051	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella
prok_asv8052	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EC3	EC3 uc	EC3 uc
prok_asv8054	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8055	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv8056	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv8057	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8058	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv8059	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv8060	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv8061	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv8062	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv8063	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Lactococcus
prok_asv8064	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8065	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Ahrensia
prok_asv8066	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8067	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8069	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Parafrigoribacterium
prok_asv8070	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv8071	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv8072	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	AqS1
prok_asv8073	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv8074	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Congregibacter
prok_asv8075	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8076	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv8077	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv8078	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	Fokiniaceae uc
prok_asv8079	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
prok_asv8080	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8081	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv8082	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
prok_asv8083	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv8084	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Amoebophilaceae	Amoebophilaceae uc
prok_asv8085	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv8086	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8087	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv8088	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv8089	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv8090	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
prok_asv8091	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv8092	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv8093	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Synechococcales	Cyanobiaceae	Synechococcus
prok_asv8094	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
prok_asv8096	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv8097	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Glaciecola
prok_asv8098	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Fusobacterium
prok_asv8099	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv8100	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8101	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv8102	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
prok_asv8103	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
prok_asv8104	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv8105	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8106	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiellaceae uc
prok_asv8107	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8108	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv8109	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8110	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv8111	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv8112	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv8113	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv8114	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadaceae	Kordiimonas
prok_asv8115	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv8116	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv8117	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv8118	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv8119	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv8120	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv8121	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
prok_asv8122	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv8123	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv8124	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	SM2D12	SM2D12 uc
prok_asv8125	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv8126	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales-Selenomonadales	Veillonellaceae	Veillonella
prok_asv8128	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Pelagibius
prok_asv8129	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv8130	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv8131	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv8132	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Acetobacterales	Acetobacteraceae	Roseomonas
prok_asv8133	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8134	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8135	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8137	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv8138	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
prok_asv8139	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	PS1	PS1 uc
prok_asv8140	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv8141	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Ardenticatenales	Ardenticatenales uc	Ardenticatenales uc
prok_asv8142	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv8143	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8144	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8145	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv8146	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rubripirellula
prok_asv8147	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv8148	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv8149	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv8150	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
prok_asv8151	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv8152	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8153	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv8154	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
prok_asv8155	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv8156	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv8157	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
prok_asv8158	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv8159	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
prok_asv8160	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv8161	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv8162	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
prok_asv8163	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8164	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv8165	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv8166	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv8167	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8168	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Allofrancisella
prok_asv8169	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
prok_asv8170	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8171	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv8172	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv8173	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv8174	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv8175	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv8176	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv8177	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
prok_asv8178	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystis
prok_asv8179	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv8180	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8181	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
prok_asv8182	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv8183	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
prok_asv8184	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv8185	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv8186	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv8187	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv8188	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv8189	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv8190	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv8192	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmata_or	Thermoplasmata_fa	Marine_Group_III
prok_asv8193	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8194	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Caloramatoraceae	Fonticella
prok_asv8195	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Thermoanaerobacteria	Thermoanaerobacterales	Family_III	Thermoanaerobacterium
prok_asv8196	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv8197	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv8198	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8199	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8200	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv8201	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Parvularculaceae	Parvularculaceae uc
prok_asv8202	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Stakelama
prok_asv8203	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv8204	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv8205	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Curvibacter
prok_asv8206	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv8207	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8208	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv8209	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv8210	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
prok_asv8211	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8212	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv8213	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Aeromonadales	Aeromonadaceae	Tolumonas
prok_asv8214	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Klebsiella
prok_asv8215	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv8216	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv8217	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	P.palmC41	P.palmC41 uc	P.palmC41 uc
prok_asv8218	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv8219	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv8220	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv8221	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Afipia
prok_asv8222	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Tenderiales	Tenderiaceae	Cand_Tenderia
prok_asv8223	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8224	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv8225	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_5	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc
prok_asv8226	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Brumimicrobium
prok_asv8227	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
prok_asv8228	Bacteria	Campilobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Halarcobacter
prok_asv8229	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
prok_asv8230	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8231	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Cand_Berkiella
prok_asv8232	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8233	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Psychroserpens
prok_asv8234	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv8236	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8237	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Robiginitomaculum
prok_asv8239	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Aliikangiella
prok_asv8240	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8241	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv8242	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv8243	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv8244	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8245	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv8246	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv8247	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv8248	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv8249	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv8250	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	UBA12409	UBA12409 uc
prok_asv8251	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv8252	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8253	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv8254	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Halobacteriovorax
prok_asv8255	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv8256	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8257	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv8259	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8260	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8261	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella
prok_asv8262	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv8265	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv8266	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfobulbaceae	Desulfobulbaceae uc
prok_asv8267	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8268	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv8269	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
prok_asv8270	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinaceae	Cand_Actinomarina
prok_asv8271	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv8272	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv8273	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv8275	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv8276	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Comamonadaceae uc
prok_asv8277	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Litoricolaceae	Litoricola
prok_asv8278	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv8279	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oleiphilaceae	Oleiphilus
prok_asv8280	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv8282	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Chryseobacterium
prok_asv8283	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv8284	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv8285	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
prok_asv8286	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv8287	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv8288	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
prok_asv8289	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Pseudofulvibacter
prok_asv8290	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8291	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
prok_asv8292	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8293	Bacteria	Sumerlaeota	Sumerlaeia	Sumerlaeales	Sumerlaeaceae	Sumerlaea
prok_asv8294	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv8295	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv8296	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv8297	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv8298	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv8299	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rubripirellula
prok_asv8300	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv8301	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv8303	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
prok_asv8304	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv8305	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8306	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade III	SAR11 Clade III uc
prok_asv8307	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8308	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv8309	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8310	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv8312	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv8314	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8315	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
prok_asv8316	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquimarina
prok_asv8317	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv8318	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8319	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
prok_asv8320	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
prok_asv8321	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oleiphilaceae	Oleiphilus
prok_asv8322	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv8323	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	EF100-94H03	EF100-94H03 uc
prok_asv8324	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv8325	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv8326	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv8328	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
prok_asv8329	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv8330	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Albimonas
prok_asv8331	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv8332	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
prok_asv8333	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_21	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc
prok_asv8334	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfobulbaceae	Desulfobulbaceae uc
prok_asv8335	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Subgroup_9	Subgroup_9 uc	Subgroup_9 uc
prok_asv8336	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv8337	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8338	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Acidobacteriae	Subgroup_15	Subgroup_15 uc	Subgroup_15 uc
prok_asv8340	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8341	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Aliivibrio
prok_asv8342	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
prok_asv8343	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium
prok_asv8344	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv8345	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv8346	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv8347	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv8348	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv8349	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Gramella
prok_asv8350	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaera
prok_asv8351	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv8352	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	TK17	TK17 uc	TK17 uc	TK17 uc
prok_asv8353	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Eudoraea
prok_asv8354	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Microtrichaceae uc
prok_asv8355	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
prok_asv8357	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv8358	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
prok_asv8359	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Marinoscillum
prok_asv8360	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8361	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv8362	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv8363	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Hydrogenophilaceae	Tepidiphilus
prok_asv8364	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv8365	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv8366	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8367	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv8368	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8369	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv8370	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv8371	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8372	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv8373	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8374	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv8375	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv8376	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8378	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Ellin6055
prok_asv8379	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
prok_asv8380	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Leucothrix
prok_asv8381	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseobacter
prok_asv8382	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8383	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Hymenobacteraceae	Hymenobacter
prok_asv8384	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Stenotrophomonas
prok_asv8385	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv8386	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8387	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv8388	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
prok_asv8389	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv8390	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv8391	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv8392	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Gilvibacter
prok_asv8393	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriales uc	Sphingobacteriales uc
prok_asv8394	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv8395	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv8396	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maritimimonas
prok_asv8397	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv8398	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
prok_asv8399	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Haloferula
prok_asv8400	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Persicirhabdus
prok_asv8401	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Algicola
prok_asv8402	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv8403	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv8404	Bacteria	Schekmanbacteria	Schekmanbacteria uc	Schekmanbacteria uc	Schekmanbacteria uc	Schekmanbacteria uc
prok_asv8405	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv8406	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv8407	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
prok_asv8408	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv8409	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8410	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv8411	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8412	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	AT-s2-59	AT-s2-59 uc	AT-s2-59 uc
prok_asv8413	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv8414	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv8415	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv8416	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8417	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv8418	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv8419	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv8420	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv8421	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Spirosomaceae	Taeseokella
prok_asv8422	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
prok_asv8423	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv8424	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv8425	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv8426	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8427	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv8428	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
prok_asv8429	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv8431	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv8432	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
prok_asv8433	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	CHAB-XI-27	CHAB-XI-27 uc	CHAB-XI-27 uc
prok_asv8434	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Luteolibacter
prok_asv8435	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv8436	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	SCGC_AAA011-D5	SCGC_AAA011-D5 uc
prok_asv8437	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv8438	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv8439	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv8440	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv8441	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv8442	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystis
prok_asv8443	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv8444	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv8445	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
prok_asv8446	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
prok_asv8447	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
prok_asv8448	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv8449	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv8450	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8451	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
prok_asv8452	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
prok_asv8453	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8454	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	C1-B045
prok_asv8455	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv8456	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv8457	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv8458	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8459	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv8460	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Cerasicoccus
prok_asv8461	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv8462	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Leucobacter
prok_asv8463	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv8464	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv8465	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium
prok_asv8466	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv8467	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv8468	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	TK17	TK17 uc	TK17 uc	TK17 uc
prok_asv8469	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv8470	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Duganella
prok_asv8471	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Pedobacter
prok_asv8472	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Endozoicomonadaceae	Endozoicomonas
prok_asv8473	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv8474	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Caldilineales	Caldilineaceae	Caldilineaceae uc
prok_asv8475	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
prok_asv8476	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv8477	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv8478	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Erwiniaceae	Pantoea
prok_asv8479	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8480	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv8481	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Zhongshania
prok_asv8482	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv8483	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillales uc	Oceanospirillales uc
prok_asv8484	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium
prok_asv8485	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv8486	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	IS-44
prok_asv8488	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv8489	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8490	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
prok_asv8492	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae uc
prok_asv8493	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella
prok_asv8494	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv8495	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv8496	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinota uc	Nitrospinota uc	Nitrospinota uc	Nitrospinota uc
prok_asv8497	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv8498	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv8499	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
prok_asv8500	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Elsterales	Elsteraceae	Elsteraceae uc
prok_asv8501	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv8502	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv8503	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Ottowia
prok_asv8504	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
prok_asv8505	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8506	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella
prok_asv8507	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8508	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Erwiniaceae	Erwinia
prok_asv8509	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv8510	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8511	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv8513	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv8515	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8516	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Marimicrobium
prok_asv8517	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8518	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv8519	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv8520	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8521	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv8522	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
prok_asv8523	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
prok_asv8524	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinifilaceae	Marinifilum
prok_asv8525	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv8526	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8527	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8528	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv8529	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
prok_asv8530	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8531	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv8532	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv8533	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8534	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv8535	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
prok_asv8536	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces
prok_asv8537	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv8538	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8539	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Spirochaeta
prok_asv8540	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv8541	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv8543	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella
prok_asv8545	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Microtrichaceae uc
prok_asv8546	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
prok_asv8547	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv8548	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8549	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8550	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv8551	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv8552	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv8553	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8554	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Bythopirellula
prok_asv8555	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv8556	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8557	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv8558	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
prok_asv8559	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8560	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8561	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv8562	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv8563	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	SCGC_AAA011-D5	SCGC_AAA011-D5 uc
prok_asv8565	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv8566	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8567	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidetes_VC2.1_Bac22	Bacteroidetes_VC2.1_Bac22 uc	Bacteroidetes_VC2.1_Bac22 uc
prok_asv8568	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
prok_asv8569	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	AT-s3-28	AT-s3-28 uc	AT-s3-28 uc	AT-s3-28 uc
prok_asv8570	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv8571	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Staphylococcales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus
prok_asv8572	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
prok_asv8573	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv8574	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylovirgula
prok_asv8575	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv8576	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv8577	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv8578	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv8579	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv8580	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv8581	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv8582	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
prok_asv8583	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquibacter
prok_asv8584	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv8585	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv8586	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus
prok_asv8587	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Ruminococcaceae	Incertae_Sedis
prok_asv8588	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
prok_asv8589	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv8590	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
prok_asv8591	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv8592	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella
prok_asv8593	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv8594	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv8595	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_26	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc
prok_asv8596	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv8597	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv8598	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Muribaculaceae	Muribaculaceae uc
prok_asv8599	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_23
prok_asv8600	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv8601	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Kangiellaceae uc
prok_asv8602	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv8603	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv8604	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8605	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8606	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8607	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv8608	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8609	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
prok_asv8610	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
prok_asv8611	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
prok_asv8612	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
prok_asv8613	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv8614	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv8615	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv8616	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv8617	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiellaceae uc
prok_asv8618	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8619	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv8620	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
prok_asv8621	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8622	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
prok_asv8623	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv8624	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv8625	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Vampirivibrionia	Obscuribacterales	Obscuribacteraceae	Obscuribacteraceae uc
prok_asv8626	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv8627	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8628	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
prok_asv8629	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv8631	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv8632	Archaea	Halobacterota	Halobacteria	Halobacterales	Halomicrobiaceae	Halomicrobiaceae uc
prok_asv8633	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv8635	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Aliiroseovarius
prok_asv8636	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv8637	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8638	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv8639	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	Kiritimatiellales	Kiritimatiellaceae	MSBL3
prok_asv8640	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Arcticiflavibacter
prok_asv8641	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv8642	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8643	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv8644	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8645	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv8647	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv8648	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv8649	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Ruminococcaceae	Faecalibacterium
prok_asv8650	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv8651	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv8652	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv8653	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_21	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc
prok_asv8654	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
prok_asv8655	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8656	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
prok_asv8657	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Aliikangiella
prok_asv8658	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8659	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv8660	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv8661	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
prok_asv8662	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv8663	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv8664	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv8665	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8666	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8667	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
prok_asv8668	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv8669	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv8670	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Comamonadaceae uc
prok_asv8671	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv8672	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv8673	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maritimimonas
prok_asv8674	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
prok_asv8675	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv8676	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv8677	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv8678	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
prok_asv8679	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8680	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Halobacteriovorax
prok_asv8681	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv8682	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Marixanthomonas
prok_asv8683	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
prok_asv8684	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv8685	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv8686	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv8687	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv8689	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv8691	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv8692	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	TK10	TK10 uc	TK10 uc	TK10 uc
prok_asv8694	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
prok_asv8695	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
prok_asv8696	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv8697	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Subgroup_9	Subgroup_9 uc	Subgroup_9 uc
prok_asv8698	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv8699	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv8700	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Loktanella
prok_asv8701	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8702	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv8703	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv8704	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv8705	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv8706	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv8707	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv8708	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
prok_asv8710	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8711	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv8712	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv8713	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv8714	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
prok_asv8715	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv8716	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv8717	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8718	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv8719	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv8720	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv8721	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Blastomonas
prok_asv8722	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv8723	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv8724	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Kangiellaceae uc
prok_asv8725	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv8726	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Leucothrix
prok_asv8727	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv8728	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8729	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv8730	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobiaceae uc
prok_asv8731	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cand_Endobugula
prok_asv8733	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv8734	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingorhabdus
prok_asv8735	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv8736	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv8737	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv8738	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv8739	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
prok_asv8740	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Algicola
prok_asv8741	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv8742	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv8743	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8744	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8745	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8746	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Subgroup_9	Subgroup_9 uc	Subgroup_9 uc
prok_asv8747	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv8748	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8749	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8750	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
prok_asv8751	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8752	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8753	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliaceae	Babeliaceae uc
prok_asv8754	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lacinutrix
prok_asv8755	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv8756	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv8757	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv8758	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	SEEP-SRB4
prok_asv8759	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EC3	EC3 uc	EC3 uc
prok_asv8760	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
prok_asv8761	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Xanthobacteraceae uc
prok_asv8762	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv8763	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
prok_asv8764	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv8765	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8766	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Sphingobacterium
prok_asv8767	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv8768	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv8769	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv8770	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Rubidimonas
prok_asv8771	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv8772	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv8773	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv8774	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv8775	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv8776	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiohalorhabdales	Thiohalorhabdaceae	Thiohalorhabdaceae uc
prok_asv8777	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8778	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
prok_asv8779	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8780	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv8781	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8782	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Peptoniphilus
prok_asv8783	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Persicirhabdus
prok_asv8784	Bacteria	Caldatribacteriota	JS1	JS1 uc	JS1 uc	JS1 uc
prok_asv8785	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
prok_asv8786	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv8787	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
prok_asv8788	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv8789	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv8790	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv8791	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv8792	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv8793	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8794	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	Kiritimatiellales	Kiritimatiellaceae	R76-B128
prok_asv8795	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv8796	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv8797	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc
prok_asv8798	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv8799	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8800	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8801	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8802	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8803	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv8804	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
prok_asv8806	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8807	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8808	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
prok_asv8809	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv8810	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	Bdellovibrio
prok_asv8811	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv8812	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv8813	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv8814	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv8815	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Porphyromonas
prok_asv8816	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv8817	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Fangia
prok_asv8818	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rubripirellula
prok_asv8820	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8821	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Subgroup_17	Subgroup_17 uc	Subgroup_17 uc
prok_asv8822	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
prok_asv8823	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv8824	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8825	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8826	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv8827	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv8828	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv8829	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Finegoldia
prok_asv8830	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8831	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv8832	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv8833	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv8836	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
prok_asv8837	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv8838	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv8839	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Castellaniella
prok_asv8840	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8842	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	SCGC_AAA011-D5	SCGC_AAA011-D5 uc
prok_asv8843	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv8845	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
prok_asv8846	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv8847	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8848	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Vermiphilaceae	Vermiphilaceae uc
prok_asv8849	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella
prok_asv8850	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellula
prok_asv8851	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	Absconditabacteriales_(SR1)	Absconditabacteriales_(SR1) uc	Absconditabacteriales_(SR1) uc
prok_asv8852	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv8853	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rubripirellula
prok_asv8854	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8855	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv8857	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv8858	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8859	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
prok_asv8860	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Verticiella
prok_asv8861	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Persicirhabdus
prok_asv8862	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium_sensu_stricto_1
prok_asv8863	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv8865	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv8866	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv8867	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8868	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv8869	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomicaceae uc
prok_asv8870	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv8871	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv8872	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8873	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv8874	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8875	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Spongiimicrobium
prok_asv8876	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8877	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_21	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc
prok_asv8878	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv8879	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus
prok_asv8880	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv8881	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv8882	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv8883	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv8884	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8885	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv8886	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv8887	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
prok_asv8889	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8890	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv8891	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Bythopirellula
prok_asv8892	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
prok_asv8893	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8894	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv8895	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicellaceae uc
prok_asv8896	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Blastocatellia	Blastocatellales	Blastocatellaceae	Blastocatellaceae uc
prok_asv8897	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Afipia
prok_asv8898	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv8899	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv8900	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv8901	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter
prok_asv8902	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv8903	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv8904	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Fusicatenibacter
prok_asv8905	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv8906	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv8907	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Arcticiflavibacter
prok_asv8909	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv8910	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
prok_asv8911	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8912	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv8913	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
prok_asv8914	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv8915	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv8916	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv8917	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Pseudofulvibacter
prok_asv8918	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv8919	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv8920	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	Sva0081_sediment_group
prok_asv8921	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv8922	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv8923	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8924	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8925	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv8926	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv8927	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8928	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv8929	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv8930	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv8931	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8932	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv8933	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv8934	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv8935	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Reichenbachiella
prok_asv8936	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
prok_asv8937	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv8938	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Desulfuromonadia_or	Geopsychrobacteraceae	Geopsychrobacter
prok_asv8939	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
prok_asv8940	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
prok_asv8941	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv8942	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EC3	EC3 uc	EC3 uc
prok_asv8943	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv8944	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
prok_asv8945	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv8946	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv8948	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv8949	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8950	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv8951	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
prok_asv8952	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv8953	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	GW2011_GWC1_47_15	GW2011_GWC1_47_15 uc
prok_asv8954	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv8955	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8956	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv8957	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv8958	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv8959	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv8960	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv8961	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv8962	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv8963	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Heliimonas
prok_asv8964	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Reyranellales	Reyranellaceae	Reyranella
prok_asv8965	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	P.palmC41	P.palmC41 uc	P.palmC41 uc
prok_asv8966	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv8967	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Haliangiales	Haliangiaceae	Haliangium
prok_asv8969	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv8970	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
prok_asv8971	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Parafrigoribacterium
prok_asv8972	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv8973	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv8974	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8975	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
prok_asv8976	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv8977	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Eel-36e1D6	Eel-36e1D6 uc
prok_asv8978	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv8979	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv8980	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv8981	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv8982	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Dermabacteraceae	Brachybacterium
prok_asv8983	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8984	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv8985	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv8986	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv8987	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv8988	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv8989	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8990	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv8991	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Mariniflexile
prok_asv8992	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv8993	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv8994	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv8995	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv8996	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv8997	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv8998	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Lysinibacillus
prok_asv8999	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv9000	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Dietziaceae	Dietzia
prok_asv9001	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
prok_asv9003	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Eel-36e1D6	Eel-36e1D6 uc
prok_asv9004	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv9005	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Chryseobacterium
prok_asv9006	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Massilia
prok_asv9007	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Ideonella
prok_asv9008	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv9009	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv9010	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv9011	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv9012	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Herbiconiux
prok_asv9013	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv9014	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv9015	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv9016	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv9017	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paenirhodobacter
prok_asv9018	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
prok_asv9019	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv9020	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv9021	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv9022	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv9023	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc
prok_asv9024	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv9025	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Limibaculum
prok_asv9026	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
prok_asv9027	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	RF39	RF39 uc	RF39 uc
prok_asv9028	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Butyricicoccaceae	Butyricicoccus
prok_asv9029	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Luminiphilus
prok_asv9030	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
prok_asv9031	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	SEEP-SRB1
prok_asv9032	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Vampirivibrionia	Caenarcaniphilales	Caenarcaniphilales uc	Caenarcaniphilales uc
prok_asv9033	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
prok_asv9034	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicellaceae uc
prok_asv9035	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cytophagales uc	Cytophagales uc
prok_asv9036	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv9037	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
prok_asv9038	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Comamonadaceae uc
prok_asv9039	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv9040	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv9042	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv9044	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
prok_asv9045	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter
prok_asv9046	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv9047	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv9048	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Holosporales	Holosporaceae	Holosporaceae uc
prok_asv9049	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv9050	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
prok_asv9051	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv9052	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv9053	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv9054	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv9055	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv9056	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv9057	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv9058	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv9059	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
prok_asv9060	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv9061	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
prok_asv9062	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv9064	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv9065	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv9067	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv9068	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv9069	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	PS1	PS1 uc
prok_asv9070	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
prok_asv9071	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv9072	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv9073	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Arcticiflavibacter
prok_asv9074	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv9075	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	SBR1031	A4b	A4b uc
prok_asv9076	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	D90	D90 uc	D90 uc
prok_asv9077	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv9078	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
prok_asv9079	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
prok_asv9080	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Arcticiflavibacter
prok_asv9082	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv9083	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
prok_asv9084	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
prok_asv9085	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv9086	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Holosporales	Holosporaceae	Holosporaceae uc
prok_asv9087	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv9088	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Sphingobacterium
prok_asv9089	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv9090	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
prok_asv9091	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
prok_asv9092	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv9093	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Hyphomonas
prok_asv9094	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv9095	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv9096	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
prok_asv9097	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv9098	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	Victivallales uc	Victivallales uc
prok_asv9099	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv9100	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiota uc	Verrucomicrobiota uc	Verrucomicrobiota uc	Verrucomicrobiota uc
prok_asv9101	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv9102	Bacteria	Myxococcota	bacteriap25	bacteriap25 uc	bacteriap25 uc	bacteriap25 uc
prok_asv9103	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv9104	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
prok_asv9105	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv9106	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv9107	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv9108	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Afipia
prok_asv9109	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv9110	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv9111	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EC3	EC3 uc	EC3 uc
prok_asv9112	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
prok_asv9113	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv9114	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv9115	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv9116	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv9117	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	Arctic95B-14	Arctic95B-14 uc
prok_asv9118	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Portibacter
prok_asv9119	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquibacter
prok_asv9120	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv9122	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_23
prok_asv9123	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv9124	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv9125	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
prok_asv9126	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv9127	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv9128	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Oscillospiraceae	Oscillospiraceae uc
prok_asv9129	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Ruminococcaceae	Negativibacillus
prok_asv9130	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Brevundimonas
prok_asv9131	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv9132	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv9133	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Bathyarchaeia	Bathyarchaeia uc	Bathyarchaeia uc	Bathyarchaeia uc
prok_asv9134	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv9135	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv9136	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv9137	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
prok_asv9138	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	Nitrosomonas
prok_asv9139	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv9140	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv9141	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv9142	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv9143	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv9144	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv9145	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv9146	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacteriaceae uc
prok_asv9147	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv9148	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
prok_asv9149	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv9150	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv9151	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv9152	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv9155	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae	Carnobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv9156	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv9158	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv9159	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv9161	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv9162	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
prok_asv9163	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
prok_asv9164	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv9165	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellula
prok_asv9166	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv9167	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla4_lineage	Pla4_lineage uc	Pla4_lineage uc	Pla4_lineage uc
prok_asv9168	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv9169	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv9170	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv9171	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	Fokiniaceae uc
prok_asv9173	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv9174	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv9175	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv9177	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv9178	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseobacter
prok_asv9179	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv9180	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv9181	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv9182	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv9183	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
prok_asv9184	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv9185	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Brevundimonas
prok_asv9186	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Terasakiellaceae	Terasakiellaceae uc
prok_asv9187	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv9188	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv9189	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
prok_asv9190	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadales uc	Kordiimonadales uc
prok_asv9191	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
prok_asv9192	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv9193	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv9194	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv9196	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
prok_asv9197	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Reichenbachiella
prok_asv9198	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv9199	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv9200	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv9201	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv9202	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv9203	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methyloligellaceae	Methyloligellaceae uc
prok_asv9205	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv9206	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Saccharospirillaceae uc
prok_asv9207	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv9208	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	Desulforhopalus
prok_asv9209	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Microtrichaceae uc
prok_asv9210	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
prok_asv9211	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv9212	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv9213	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
prok_asv9214	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv9215	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv9216	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv9217	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales_Incertae_Sedis	Bauldia
prok_asv9218	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
prok_asv9219	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv9220	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadaceae	Kordiimonas
prok_asv9221	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv9222	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv9223	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv9224	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv9225	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Haliangiales	Haliangiaceae	Haliangium
prok_asv9226	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv9227	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Desulfuromonadia_or	Geopsychrobacteraceae	Desulfuromusa
prok_asv9228	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
prok_asv9229	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Leptotrichiaceae	Leptotrichia
prok_asv9230	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv9231	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv9232	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv9233	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv9234	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	JGI_0000069-P22	JGI_0000069-P22 uc	JGI_0000069-P22 uc
prok_asv9235	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv9236	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Gilvibacter
prok_asv9237	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv9238	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfobulbaceae	Desulfobulbus
prok_asv9239	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicellaceae uc
prok_asv9240	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv9241	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
prok_asv9242	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillales uc	Rhodospirillales uc
prok_asv9243	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
prok_asv9244	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Pseudorhodobacter
prok_asv9246	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcota uc	Myxococcota uc	Myxococcota uc	Myxococcota uc
prok_asv9247	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv9248	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
prok_asv9249	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv9250	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Limibaculum
prok_asv9251	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv9252	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv9253	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
prok_asv9254	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Vermiphilaceae	Vermiphilaceae uc
prok_asv9255	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv9256	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EV818SWSAP88	EV818SWSAP88 uc	EV818SWSAP88 uc
prok_asv9257	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
prok_asv9258	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv9259	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv9260	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv9261	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv9262	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv9263	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
prok_asv9264	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv9265	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv9266	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv9267	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv9268	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv9269	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	Kiritimatiellales	Kiritimatiellaceae	MSBL3
prok_asv9270	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv9272	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella
prok_asv9273	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv9274	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv9275	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv9276	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv9277	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv9278	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv9279	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv9280	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EC3	EC3 uc	EC3 uc
prok_asv9281	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv9282	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Paeniclostridium
prok_asv9283	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv9284	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv9285	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv9286	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
prok_asv9287	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv9288	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv9289	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv9290	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Hyphomonas
prok_asv9291	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv9292	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfolunaceae	Desulfofrigus
prok_asv9293	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
prok_asv9295	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv9296	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv9297	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv9298	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
prok_asv9299	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
prok_asv9300	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv9301	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
prok_asv9302	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
prok_asv9303	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv9304	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv9305	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	P13-46	P13-46 uc
prok_asv9308	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv9309	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Staphylococcales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus
prok_asv9310	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv9311	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
prok_asv9314	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv9315	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv9316	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	Parvibaculaceae	Parvibaculaceae uc
prok_asv9317	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
prok_asv9318	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
prok_asv9319	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv9320	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	Parvibaculaceae	Parvibaculum
prok_asv9321	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv9322	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv9323	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
prok_asv9324	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv9325	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv9326	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionales uc	Cellvibrionales uc
prok_asv9327	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Chryseobacterium
prok_asv9328	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv9329	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
prok_asv9330	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv9331	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Thermoanaerobacteria	Thermoanaerobacterales	Family_III	Thermoanaerobacterium
prok_asv9332	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv9333	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv9334	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
prok_asv9335	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SM23-30	SM23-30 uc
prok_asv9336	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
prok_asv9337	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv9338	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv9339	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
prok_asv9340	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv9341	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
prok_asv9342	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Luteimonas
prok_asv9344	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv9345	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv9346	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
prok_asv9347	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Arcticiflavibacter
prok_asv9348	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv9349	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
prok_asv9350	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv9351	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv9352	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Aliikangiella
prok_asv9353	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv9354	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv9355	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv9356	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Pseudonocardia
prok_asv9358	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv9359	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Marimicrobium
prok_asv9360	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Cellulophaga
prok_asv9361	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Marimicrobium
prok_asv9362	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
prok_asv9363	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv9365	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv9366	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
prok_asv9367	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Alteromonas
prok_asv9368	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv9369	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Portibacter
prok_asv9370	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
prok_asv9371	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	Kiritimatiellales	Kiritimatiellaceae	MSBL3
prok_asv9372	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
prok_asv9373	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv9374	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichales uc	Microtrichales uc
prok_asv9375	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv9376	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Polaromonas
prok_asv9378	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv9379	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
prok_asv9380	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	0319-6G20	0319-6G20 uc	0319-6G20 uc
prok_asv9381	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
prok_asv9382	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv9383	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv9384	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv9386	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv9387	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv9388	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv9389	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv9390	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv9391	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv9393	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv9394	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv9395	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
prok_asv9396	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv9397	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv9398	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Phenylobacterium
prok_asv9399	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
prok_asv9400	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv9401	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv9402	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Olleya
prok_asv9403	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
prok_asv9404	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv9405	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv9406	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv9407	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
prok_asv9408	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
prok_asv9409	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv9410	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	PS1	PS1 uc
prok_asv9411	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	SM2D12	SM2D12 uc
prok_asv9412	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv9413	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
prok_asv9414	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
prok_asv9415	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv9416	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Phenylobacterium
prok_asv9419	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	BIrii41	BIrii41 uc
prok_asv9420	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv9421	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv9422	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Rubidimonas
prok_asv9423	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv9424	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv9425	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Glaciecola
prok_asv9426	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv9427	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv9428	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_26	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc
prok_asv9429	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv9430	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv9431	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Asinibacterium
prok_asv9432	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
prok_asv9433	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv9434	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Lentimicrobiaceae	Lentimicrobiaceae uc
prok_asv9435	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv9436	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus
prok_asv9438	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
prok_asv9439	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv9440	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv9441	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv9442	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv9443	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv9444	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv9445	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv9446	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Tistrellales	Geminicoccaceae	Geminicoccaceae uc
prok_asv9447	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv9448	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv9449	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv9450	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
prok_asv9451	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv9452	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
prok_asv9453	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv9454	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv9455	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
prok_asv9456	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
prok_asv9457	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv9458	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv9459	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
prok_asv9460	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Fangia
prok_asv9461	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Brevibacteriaceae	Brevibacterium
prok_asv9462	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv9463	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv9464	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv9465	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Algibacter
prok_asv9466	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv9467	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiohalorhabdales	Thiohalorhabdaceae	Thiohalorhabdaceae uc
prok_asv9468	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv9469	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv9470	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv9471	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniella
prok_asv9472	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
prok_asv9473	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv9474	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv9475	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv9476	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv9478	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv9479	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv9480	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	Parvibaculales uc	Parvibaculales uc
prok_asv9481	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv9482	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv9483	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv9484	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella
prok_asv9485	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv9486	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Porphyromonas
prok_asv9488	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidales uc	Bacteroidales uc
prok_asv9489	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv9490	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Enterovibrio
prok_asv9491	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
prok_asv9492	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Cetobacterium
prok_asv9493	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv9494	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Photobacterium
prok_asv9495	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv9496	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv9497	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Spirochaeta
prok_asv9498	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Varibaculum
prok_asv9499	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
prok_asv9500	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv9501	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Alcanivoracaceae	Ketobacter
prok_asv9502	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Caldilineales	Caldilineaceae	Caldilineaceae uc
prok_asv9503	Bacteria	Sumerlaeota	Sumerlaeia	Sumerlaeales	Sumerlaeaceae	Sumerlaea
prok_asv9504	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	AqS1
prok_asv9505	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
prok_asv9506	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionales uc	Cellvibrionales uc
prok_asv9507	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv9508	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Changchengzhania
prok_asv9509	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv9510	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Silicimonas
prok_asv9511	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv9512	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
prok_asv9513	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Fangia
prok_asv9514	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
prok_asv9515	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc
prok_asv9516	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
prok_asv9517	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv9518	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_26	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc
prok_asv9519	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv9520	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv9521	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv9522	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv9523	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
prok_asv9524	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv9525	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv9526	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
prok_asv9527	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv9528	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rubripirellula
prok_asv9529	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Litoreibacter
prok_asv9530	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv9531	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
prok_asv9532	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv9534	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv9535	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv9536	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv9537	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv9539	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv9540	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv9541	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Eel-36e1D6	Eel-36e1D6 uc
prok_asv9542	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
prok_asv9543	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	vadinHA49	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc
prok_asv9544	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv9545	Bacteria	Campilobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Arcobacteraceae uc
prok_asv9546	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	SBR1031	A4b	A4b uc
prok_asv9547	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv9548	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Pelagibius
prok_asv9549	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv9550	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv9551	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv9552	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv9553	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Granulosicoccales	Granulosicoccaceae	Granulosicoccus
prok_asv9554	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv9555	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
prok_asv9556	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv9557	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv9559	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
prok_asv9560	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv9563	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv9564	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv9565	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv9566	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv9567	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv9568	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv9569	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Algicola
prok_asv9570	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
prok_asv9571	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
prok_asv9572	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
prok_asv9573	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv9574	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv9575	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	AT-s2-59	AT-s2-59 uc	AT-s2-59 uc
prok_asv9576	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv9577	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv9578	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
prok_asv9579	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Thermicanales	Thermicanaceae	Thermicanus
prok_asv9580	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv9581	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv9582	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv9583	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv9584	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
prok_asv9585	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv9586	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv9587	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Bosea
prok_asv9588	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella
prok_asv9589	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv9590	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
prok_asv9591	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
prok_asv9592	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv9593	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv9594	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
prok_asv9595	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv9596	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
prok_asv9597	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv9598	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Solirubrobacterales	67-14	67-14 uc
prok_asv9599	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv9600	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv9601	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv9602	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacterales uc	Enterobacterales uc
prok_asv9603	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	C86	C86 uc	C86 uc
prok_asv9604	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
prok_asv9605	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
prok_asv9606	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Microtrichaceae uc
prok_asv9607	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv9608	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv9609	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv9610	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
prok_asv9611	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Microscillaceae	Microscillaceae uc
prok_asv9612	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv9613	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv9614	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv9615	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Actibacter
prok_asv9616	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv9617	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv9618	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Tenderiales	Tenderiaceae	Cand_Tenderia
prok_asv9619	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Lentimonas
prok_asv9620	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutimonas
prok_asv9621	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv9622	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv9623	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv9624	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv9626	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Shuttleworthia
prok_asv9627	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv9628	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Ardenticatenales	Ardenticatenales uc	Ardenticatenales uc
prok_asv9629	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv9630	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv9631	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Portibacter
prok_asv9632	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SS1-B-07-19	SS1-B-07-19 uc	SS1-B-07-19 uc
prok_asv9633	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv9634	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv9635	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv9636	Bacteria	Campilobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Sulfurovaceae	Sulfurovum
prok_asv9637	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Octadecabacter
prok_asv9638	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv9639	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv9640	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv9641	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv9642	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv9643	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv9644	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv9645	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv9646	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv9647	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Acetobacterales	Acetobacteraceae	Rubritepida
prok_asv9648	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc
prok_asv9649	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
prok_asv9650	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv9651	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv9652	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
prok_asv9653	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv9654	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv9655	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
prok_asv9656	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
prok_asv9657	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv9658	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Tenacibaculum
prok_asv9659	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv9660	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv9662	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv9663	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Opitutaceae	Diplosphaera
prok_asv9664	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv9665	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv9666	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv9667	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv9668	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	Kiritimatiellales	Kiritimatiellaceae	R76-B128
prok_asv9669	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv9670	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv9671	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv9672	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv9673	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv9674	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv9675	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv9678	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv9679	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv9680	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Spirochaetaceae uc
prok_asv9681	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv9682	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Spirosomaceae	Arcicella
prok_asv9683	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
prok_asv9684	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv9685	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv9686	Bacteria	Campilobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Arcobacteraceae uc
prok_asv9687	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv9688	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv9689	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv9690	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
prok_asv9691	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
prok_asv9692	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv9693	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv9694	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv9695	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Oceanicoccus
prok_asv9696	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Xanthobacter
prok_asv9697	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv9698	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv9699	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv9700	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidia uc	Dehalococcoidia uc	Dehalococcoidia uc
prok_asv9701	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Cerasicoccus
prok_asv9702	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv9703	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
prok_asv9704	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Pseudorhodobacter
prok_asv9705	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Marixanthomonas
prok_asv9706	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv9707	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv9708	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv9709	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv9710	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Alteromonadaceae uc
prok_asv9711	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	PS1	PS1 uc
prok_asv9712	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Schleiferiaceae	Schleiferia
prok_asv9713	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv9714	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv9715	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv9717	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv9719	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv9720	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
prok_asv9721	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv9722	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv9723	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Oscillospiraceae	UCG-005
prok_asv9724	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Planomicrobium
prok_asv9725	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv9726	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
prok_asv9727	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv9728	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv9729	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv9730	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv9731	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv9732	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv9733	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv9734	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv9735	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
prok_asv9736	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Moraxella
prok_asv9738	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv9739	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv9740	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv9742	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
prok_asv9743	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv9744	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv9745	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Intrasporangiaceae	Intrasporangiaceae uc
prok_asv9746	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv9747	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv9748	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv9749	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv9750	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv9751	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv9752	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv9753	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv9754	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv9755	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseovarius
prok_asv9756	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv9757	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
prok_asv9758	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rubellimicrobium
prok_asv9759	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
prok_asv9760	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv9761	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Persicirhabdus
prok_asv9762	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv9763	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv9764	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	BD7-8	BD7-8 uc	BD7-8 uc
prok_asv9765	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquibacter
prok_asv9766	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Yoonia-Loktanella
prok_asv9767	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
prok_asv9768	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Oscillospiraceae	Oscillospiraceae uc
prok_asv9769	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
prok_asv9770	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv9771	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv9772	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadales uc	Kordiimonadales uc
prok_asv9773	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Acetobacterales	Acetobacteraceae	Roseomonas
prok_asv9774	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv9775	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	SEEP-SRB1
prok_asv9777	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
prok_asv9778	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv9779	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv9780	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv9781	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv9783	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
prok_asv9784	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv9785	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv9786	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv9788	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
prok_asv9789	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv9790	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv9791	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv9793	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv9794	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
prok_asv9795	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
prok_asv9796	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv9797	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv9798	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv9799	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv9800	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv9801	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
prok_asv9802	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
prok_asv9803	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv9804	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv9805	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv9806	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv9807	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Rhodospirillaceae uc
prok_asv9808	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv9809	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_26	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc
prok_asv9810	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
prok_asv9811	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv9812	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv9813	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	KD3-93	KD3-93 uc
prok_asv9814	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv9815	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophagaceae uc
prok_asv9816	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv9817	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv9818	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv9819	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv9820	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv9821	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv9822	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv9823	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv9824	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv9825	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv9827	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
prok_asv9828	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Cocleimonas
prok_asv9829	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv9830	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv9831	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv9832	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv9833	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavicella
prok_asv9834	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
prok_asv9835	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc
prok_asv9836	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv9837	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv9838	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv9839	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv9840	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv9841	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv9842	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv9843	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv9844	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv9845	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv9846	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Luminiphilus
prok_asv9847	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Lactococcus
prok_asv9849	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv9850	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv9851	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv9852	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv9853	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv9854	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv9855	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides
prok_asv9856	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv9857	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv9858	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv9859	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Xanthobacteraceae uc
prok_asv9860	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	env.OPS_17	env.OPS_17 uc
prok_asv9861	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv9862	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv9863	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv9864	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv9865	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Sphingobacterium
prok_asv9866	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Acidobacteriae	PAUC26f	PAUC26f uc	PAUC26f uc
prok_asv9867	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv9868	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv9869	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv9870	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Nocardioides
prok_asv9871	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
prok_asv9872	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv9873	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv9874	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv9875	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio
prok_asv9876	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides
prok_asv9877	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv9878	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
prok_asv9879	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv9880	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
prok_asv9882	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv9883	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
prok_asv9884	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
prok_asv9885	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellula
prok_asv9886	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv9887	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv9888	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	AT-s2-59	AT-s2-59 uc	AT-s2-59 uc
prok_asv9889	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv9890	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv9891	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Limibaculum
prok_asv9892	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Ferruginibacter
prok_asv9893	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv9895	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv9896	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
prok_asv9897	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv9898	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv9899	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Bythopirellula
prok_asv9900	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv9901	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv9902	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv9903	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv9904	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
prok_asv9906	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
prok_asv9907	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv9908	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv9909	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv9910	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Profundimonas
prok_asv9911	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Oscillospiraceae	Oscillibacter
prok_asv9912	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Opitutaceae	Opitutus
prok_asv9913	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridia_UCG-014	Clostridia_UCG-014 uc	Clostridia_UCG-014 uc
prok_asv9914	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rubellimicrobium
prok_asv9915	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv9916	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaera
prok_asv9917	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv9918	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv9919	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv9921	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingorhabdus
prok_asv9922	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Kangiellaceae uc
prok_asv9924	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv9925	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	AKYH767	AKYH767 uc
prok_asv9926	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv9927	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv9928	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv9929	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiohalorhabdales	Thiohalorhabdaceae	Thiohalorhabdaceae uc
prok_asv9930	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv9931	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Reichenbachiella
prok_asv9932	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv9933	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv9934	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv9935	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv9936	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Thioalkalispiraceae	Thiohalophilus
prok_asv9937	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv9938	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv9939	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
prok_asv9940	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv9941	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv9942	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv9944	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Leptotrichiaceae	Leptotrichia
prok_asv9945	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionales uc	Cellvibrionales uc
prok_asv9946	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv9947	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Alteromonadaceae uc
prok_asv9948	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv9949	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Paucibacter
prok_asv9950	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv9951	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv9952	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv9953	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
prok_asv9954	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv9955	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv9956	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv9957	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv9958	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv9959	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv9960	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv9961	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv9962	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv9963	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv9964	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv9965	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv9966	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv9967	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv9968	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv9969	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Aerococcaceae	Abiotrophia
prok_asv9970	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
prok_asv9971	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv9972	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv9973	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv9974	Bacteria	WS2	WS2 uc	WS2 uc	WS2 uc	WS2 uc
prok_asv9975	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv9976	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv9977	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv9978	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
prok_asv9979	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	JGI_0000069-P22	JGI_0000069-P22 uc	JGI_0000069-P22 uc
prok_asv9980	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Propionigenium
prok_asv9981	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Moritellaceae	Moritella
prok_asv9982	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
prok_asv9983	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv9984	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Sediminibacterium
prok_asv9985	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv9986	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv9987	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Leuconostocaceae	Weissella
prok_asv9988	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
prok_asv9989	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv9990	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv9991	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv9992	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv9993	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv9994	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Schleiferiaceae	Schleiferia
prok_asv9996	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv9997	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
prok_asv9998	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Ardenticatenales	Ardenticatenales uc	Ardenticatenales uc
prok_asv9999	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv10000	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	TK17	TK17 uc	TK17 uc	TK17 uc
prok_asv10001	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Reichenbachiella
prok_asv10002	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv10003	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv10005	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
prok_asv10006	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv10007	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv10008	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Amoebophilaceae	Amoebophilaceae uc
prok_asv10010	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv10011	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv10012	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv10013	Bacteria	WPS-2	WPS-2 uc	WPS-2 uc	WPS-2 uc	WPS-2 uc
prok_asv10014	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv10015	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv10016	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv10017	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingorhabdus
prok_asv10018	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	SEEP-SRB1
prok_asv10019	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
prok_asv10021	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv10022	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Persicirhabdus
prok_asv10023	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavicella
prok_asv10024	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv10025	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv10026	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10027	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	0319-6G20	0319-6G20 uc	0319-6G20 uc
prok_asv10029	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EC3	EC3 uc	EC3 uc
prok_asv10030	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv10031	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Hoeflea
prok_asv10032	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv10033	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Rothia
prok_asv10034	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacter
prok_asv10035	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Kapabacteria	Kapabacteriales	Kapabacteriales uc	Kapabacteriales uc
prok_asv10036	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv10037	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv10038	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv10039	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	vadinHA49	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc
prok_asv10041	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv10042	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Sphingobacterium
prok_asv10044	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium
prok_asv10045	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv10046	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	P9X2b3D02	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc
prok_asv10047	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Microscillaceae	Microscillaceae uc
prok_asv10048	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv10049	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	BD2-7	BD2-7 uc
prok_asv10050	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv10051	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv10052	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv10053	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv10054	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Flammeovirgaceae	Flammeovirgaceae uc
prok_asv10055	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv10056	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Litoreibacter
prok_asv10057	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
prok_asv10058	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv10059	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv10061	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Rhodocyclaceae	Sulfuritalea
prok_asv10062	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oleiphilaceae	Oleiphilus
prok_asv10063	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv10064	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
prok_asv10065	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv10066	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
prok_asv10067	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv10068	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Exiguobacterales	Exiguobacteraceae	Exiguobacterium
prok_asv10069	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Ruminococcaceae	Faecalibacterium
prok_asv10070	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv10071	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv10072	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv10073	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Allorhizobium-Neorhizobium-Pararhizobium-Rhizobium
prok_asv10074	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Tabrizicola
prok_asv10075	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Lysobacter
prok_asv10076	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
prok_asv10077	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionales uc	Cellvibrionales uc
prok_asv10078	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv10079	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliaceae	Babeliaceae uc
prok_asv10080	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv10081	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv10082	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv10083	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv10084	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Peptoniphilus
prok_asv10085	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv10087	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	SM2D12	SM2D12 uc
prok_asv10088	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv10089	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
prok_asv10090	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Anaerococcus
prok_asv10091	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv10092	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv10093	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
prok_asv10095	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Christensenellales	Christensenellaceae	Christensenellaceae uc
prok_asv10096	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv10097	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv10098	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	AT-s2-59	AT-s2-59 uc	AT-s2-59 uc
prok_asv10099	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv10100	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv10101	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	ASF356
prok_asv10102	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Oscillospiraceae	Colidextribacter
prok_asv10103	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	NS11-12	NS11-12 uc
prok_asv10104	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10105	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv10106	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv10107	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
prok_asv10108	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv10109	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv10110	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv10111	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv10112	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiohalorhabdales	Thiohalorhabdaceae	Thiohalorhabdaceae uc
prok_asv10113	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10114	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	Arctic95B-14	Arctic95B-14 uc
prok_asv10115	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv10116	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv10117	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv10118	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv10119	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv10120	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Leucothrix
prok_asv10121	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella
prok_asv10122	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv10123	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv10124	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
prok_asv10125	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	1174-901-12
prok_asv10126	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv10127	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv10128	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	KD3-93	KD3-93 uc
prok_asv10129	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
prok_asv10130	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv10131	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv10132	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv10133	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Gallionellaceae	Gallionellaceae uc
prok_asv10134	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv10135	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv10136	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv10137	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv10138	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv10139	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
prok_asv10140	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Sva1033	Sva1033 uc	Sva1033 uc
prok_asv10141	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv10142	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv10143	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	Nitrosococcaceae uc
prok_asv10144	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Spirochaeta
prok_asv10145	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales-Selenomonadales	Veillonellaceae	Veillonella
prok_asv10146	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
prok_asv10147	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv10148	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv10149	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv10150	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv10151	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv10152	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
prok_asv10153	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv10154	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv10155	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv10156	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv10157	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv10158	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv10159	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc
prok_asv10161	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv10162	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv10163	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
prok_asv10164	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv10165	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv10166	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv10167	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Tateyamaria
prok_asv10168	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv10169	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv10170	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv10171	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
prok_asv10172	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv10173	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv10174	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv10175	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv10176	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv10177	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv10178	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv10179	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv10180	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv10181	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv10182	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv10183	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv10184	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Luteolibacter
prok_asv10185	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
prok_asv10186	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv10187	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv10188	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Bythopirellula
prok_asv10189	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv10190	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv10191	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv10192	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
prok_asv10193	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv10195	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv10196	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv10197	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv10198	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv10200	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
prok_asv10201	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
prok_asv10202	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelatoclostridiaceae	Erysipelatoclostridium
prok_asv10203	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv10204	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv10205	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv10207	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv10208	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv10209	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv10210	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv10212	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv10213	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Reichenbachiella
prok_asv10214	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
prok_asv10215	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10216	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv10218	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Marimicrobium
prok_asv10219	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv10220	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
prok_asv10221	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10222	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv10223	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv10224	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv10225	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseobacter_CHAB-I-5_lineage
prok_asv10226	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
prok_asv10227	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv10228	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv10229	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv10230	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv10231	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv10232	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcota uc	Myxococcota uc	Myxococcota uc	Myxococcota uc
prok_asv10233	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10234	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv10235	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
prok_asv10236	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc
prok_asv10237	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
prok_asv10238	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv10239	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv10240	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv10241	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv10242	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv10243	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
prok_asv10245	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv10246	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv10247	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv10248	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv10249	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv10250	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv10251	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv10252	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv10253	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv10254	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Paucibacter
prok_asv10255	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv10256	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv10257	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv10258	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
prok_asv10259	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	AT-s2-59	AT-s2-59 uc	AT-s2-59 uc
prok_asv10260	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv10261	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv10262	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv10263	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv10264	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	CCM11a	CCM11a uc	CCM11a uc
prok_asv10265	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	CCM11a	CCM11a uc	CCM11a uc
prok_asv10266	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Cerasicoccus
prok_asv10267	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv10268	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv10269	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv10270	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Pleomorphomonadaceae	Pleomorphomonas
prok_asv10271	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv10272	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv10273	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Hafniaceae	Hafnia-Obesumbacterium
prok_asv10274	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Peptoniphilus
prok_asv10276	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
prok_asv10277	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Portibacter
prok_asv10278	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv10279	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Tenacibaculum
prok_asv10281	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Leucothrix
prok_asv10282	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv10283	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv10284	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv10285	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
prok_asv10286	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	PS1	PS1 uc
prok_asv10287	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavirhabdus
prok_asv10288	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv10289	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Brevundimonas
prok_asv10290	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv10291	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv10292	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10293	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv10294	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv10295	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
prok_asv10296	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Marmoricola
prok_asv10297	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquibacter
prok_asv10298	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv10299	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv10300	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	TRA3-20	TRA3-20 uc
prok_asv10301	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv10302	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	AqS1
prok_asv10303	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv10304	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv10305	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv10306	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv10307	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
prok_asv10308	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv10309	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Ruminococcaceae	Subdoligranulum
prok_asv10310	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv10311	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas
prok_asv10312	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv10313	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
prok_asv10314	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methyloligellaceae	Methyloligellaceae uc
prok_asv10315	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv10316	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv10317	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
prok_asv10318	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv10319	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv10320	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv10321	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10322	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Mariniflexile
prok_asv10323	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv10324	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
prok_asv10325	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10326	Bacteria	Zixibacteria	Zixibacteria uc	Zixibacteria uc	Zixibacteria uc	Zixibacteria uc
prok_asv10327	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv10328	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv10330	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv10331	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
prok_asv10332	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv10334	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	Kiritimatiellales	Kiritimatiellaceae	R76-B128
prok_asv10335	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Enterovibrio
prok_asv10336	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SS1-B-07-19	SS1-B-07-19 uc	SS1-B-07-19 uc
prok_asv10337	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv10338	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv10339	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv10340	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv10341	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10342	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfobulbales uc	Desulfobulbales uc
prok_asv10343	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv10344	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Amoebophilaceae	Amoebophilaceae uc
prok_asv10345	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv10346	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv10347	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Sediminibacterium
prok_asv10348	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv10349	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmata_or	Thermoplasmata_fa	Marine_Group_III
prok_asv10350	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
prok_asv10351	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv10352	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv10354	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv10355	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv10356	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv10357	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv10358	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	Desulfocapsaceae uc
prok_asv10359	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaera
prok_asv10360	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv10361	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	pItb-vmat-80	pItb-vmat-80 uc	pItb-vmat-80 uc
prok_asv10362	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv10363	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv10364	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Hyphomonadaceae uc
prok_asv10365	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv10366	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv10367	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv10368	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
prok_asv10369	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
prok_asv10370	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv10371	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv10372	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv10373	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc
prok_asv10374	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sedimentitalea
prok_asv10375	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv10376	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv10377	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv10378	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10379	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10380	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_23
prok_asv10381	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv10382	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv10383	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv10384	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
prok_asv10386	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Maricaulis
prok_asv10387	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv10388	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EC3	EC3 uc	EC3 uc
prok_asv10389	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella
prok_asv10391	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella
prok_asv10392	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10393	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
prok_asv10394	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv10395	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv10396	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Fretibacter
prok_asv10398	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Comamonadaceae uc
prok_asv10399	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
prok_asv10400	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
prok_asv10401	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
prok_asv10402	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv10403	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rubripirellula
prok_asv10404	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangia uc	Polyangia uc	Polyangia uc
prok_asv10405	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Sandaracinaceae	Sandaracinaceae uc
prok_asv10406	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10407	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
prok_asv10408	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc
prok_asv10409	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
prok_asv10410	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv10413	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Arcticiflavibacter
prok_asv10414	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv10415	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv10416	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv10417	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv10418	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
prok_asv10420	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
prok_asv10421	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv10422	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv10423	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv10424	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv10425	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Varunaivibrio
prok_asv10426	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv10427	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv10428	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv10429	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv10430	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv10431	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv10432	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv10433	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv10434	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv10435	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
prok_asv10436	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv10437	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv10439	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv10440	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv10441	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv10442	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv10443	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
prok_asv10444	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv10445	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv10446	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv10447	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv10448	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv10449	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv10450	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv10451	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Hyphomicrobiaceae	Pedomicrobium
prok_asv10452	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv10453	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv10454	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Arcticiflavibacter
prok_asv10455	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv10456	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_26	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc
prok_asv10457	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv10458	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv10459	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacteria	Latescibacterales	Latescibacteraceae	Latescibacteraceae uc
prok_asv10460	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv10461	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv10462	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv10463	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv10464	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv10465	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcales uc	Micrococcales uc
prok_asv10466	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Reyranellales	Reyranellaceae	Reyranella
prok_asv10467	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv10468	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc	EPR3968-O8a-Bc78 uc
prok_asv10469	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
prok_asv10470	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rubripirellula
prok_asv10471	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv10472	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv10473	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Algibacter
prok_asv10474	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
prok_asv10475	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv10476	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv10478	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	JGI_0000069-P22	JGI_0000069-P22 uc	JGI_0000069-P22 uc
prok_asv10479	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv10480	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10481	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10484	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv10485	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caedibacterales	Caedibacteraceae	Caedibacter
prok_asv10486	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv10487	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	SBR1031	SBR1031 uc	SBR1031 uc
prok_asv10488	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv10489	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv10490	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv10491	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10492	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Sinobacterium
prok_asv10493	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Oscillospiraceae	Flavonifractor
prok_asv10494	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Anaerococcus
prok_asv10495	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv10496	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
prok_asv10497	Bacteria	Sumerlaeota	Sumerlaeia	Sumerlaeales	Sumerlaeaceae	Sumerlaea
prok_asv10498	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv10499	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	Kiritimatiellales	Kiritimatiellaceae	MSBL3
prok_asv10500	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10501	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv10503	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv10504	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv10505	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv10506	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv10507	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
prok_asv10508	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
prok_asv10509	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv10510	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv10511	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv10512	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Ardenticatenales	Ardenticatenales uc	Ardenticatenales uc
prok_asv10513	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Afipia
prok_asv10514	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv10515	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv10516	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10517	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv10518	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv10520	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Erysipelotrichaceae uc
prok_asv10522	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Marinagarivorans
prok_asv10523	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
prok_asv10524	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv10525	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SM23-30	SM23-30 uc
prok_asv10526	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
prok_asv10527	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Peptoniphilus
prok_asv10528	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas
prok_asv10529	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Pedosphaerales	Pedosphaeraceae	Pedosphaeraceae uc
prok_asv10530	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Tepidisphaerales	WD2101_soil_group	WD2101_soil_group uc
prok_asv10531	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
prok_asv10532	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv10533	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv10534	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv10535	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv10536	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
prok_asv10537	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv10538	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Anaerococcus
prok_asv10539	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
prok_asv10540	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv10541	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Actibacter
prok_asv10542	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv10543	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv10544	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv10545	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv10546	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv10547	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
prok_asv10548	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv10549	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv10550	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv10551	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv10552	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
prok_asv10553	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv10554	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv10555	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	AKAU3564_sediment_group	AKAU3564_sediment_group uc
prok_asv10556	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv10557	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv10558	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv10559	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv10560	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv10562	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv10563	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv10564	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv10565	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv10566	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Tannerellaceae	Macellibacteroides
prok_asv10567	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus
prok_asv10568	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv10569	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv10570	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	UBA12411	UBA12411 uc
prok_asv10571	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv10572	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv10573	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
prok_asv10574	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv10575	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv10576	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv10577	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
prok_asv10579	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
prok_asv10580	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Vampirivibrionia	Obscuribacterales	Obscuribacteraceae	Obscuribacteraceae uc
prok_asv10582	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Psychroserpens
prok_asv10583	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Olleya
prok_asv10584	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv10585	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv10586	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv10587	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Reyranellales	Reyranellaceae	Reyranella
prok_asv10588	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv10589	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
prok_asv10590	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv10591	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	Gracilibacteria uc	Gracilibacteria uc	Gracilibacteria uc
prok_asv10592	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv10593	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv10594	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10595	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv10596	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	CHAB-XI-27	CHAB-XI-27 uc	CHAB-XI-27 uc
prok_asv10597	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv10598	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
prok_asv10599	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv10600	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales uc	Rhizobiales uc
prok_asv10601	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Ardenticatenales	Ardenticatenales uc	Ardenticatenales uc
prok_asv10602	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	PS1	PS1 uc
prok_asv10603	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	Parvibaculaceae	Mf105b01
prok_asv10604	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv10605	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv10606	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv10607	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv10608	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaera
prok_asv10609	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv10610	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv10611	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rubripirellula
prok_asv10612	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv10613	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
prok_asv10615	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
prok_asv10616	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Hymenobacteraceae	Hymenobacter
prok_asv10617	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
prok_asv10618	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	Fokiniaceae uc
prok_asv10619	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
prok_asv10620	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv10621	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
prok_asv10622	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10623	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10624	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv10625	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
prok_asv10626	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv10627	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv10628	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv10629	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
prok_asv10630	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv10631	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
prok_asv10632	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv10634	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv10635	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv10636	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
prok_asv10637	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv10638	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
prok_asv10639	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv10640	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv10641	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv10642	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Oscillospirales uc	Oscillospirales uc
prok_asv10643	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv10644	Bacteria	WPS-2	WPS-2 uc	WPS-2 uc	WPS-2 uc	WPS-2 uc
prok_asv10645	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquibacter
prok_asv10646	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
prok_asv10647	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv10648	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv10649	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv10650	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfatiglandales	Desulfatiglandaceae	Desulfatiglans
prok_asv10651	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc
prok_asv10652	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methyloligellaceae	Methyloceanibacter
prok_asv10653	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methyloligellaceae	Methyloligellaceae uc
prok_asv10654	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv10655	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc
prok_asv10656	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv10657	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
prok_asv10658	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv10659	Bacteria	Sumerlaeota	Sumerlaeia	Sumerlaeales	Sumerlaeaceae	Sumerlaea
prok_asv10660	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv10661	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv10662	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
prok_asv10663	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv10664	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Dermabacteraceae	Brachybacterium
prok_asv10665	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	053A03-B-DI-P58	053A03-B-DI-P58 uc	053A03-B-DI-P58 uc
prok_asv10666	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Frankiales	Frankiales uc	Frankiales uc
prok_asv10667	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv10668	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
prok_asv10669	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv10670	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Blastocatellia	Pyrinomonadales	Pyrinomonadaceae	Pyrinomonas
prok_asv10671	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv10672	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv10673	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	SS1-B-02-17	SS1-B-02-17 uc	SS1-B-02-17 uc
prok_asv10674	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv10675	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rubripirellula
prok_asv10676	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
prok_asv10677	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10678	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv10679	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	AT-s3-28	AT-s3-28 uc	AT-s3-28 uc	AT-s3-28 uc
prok_asv10680	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingorhabdus
prok_asv10681	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv10682	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Pseudoclavibacter
prok_asv10683	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv10684	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	AT-s3-28	AT-s3-28 uc	AT-s3-28 uc	AT-s3-28 uc
prok_asv10685	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv10686	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv10687	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Staphylococcales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus
prok_asv10688	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv10690	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv10691	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	PS1	PS1 uc
prok_asv10692	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
prok_asv10693	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10695	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
prok_asv10696	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
prok_asv10697	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv10698	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv10699	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv10700	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Aliikangiella
prok_asv10701	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv10702	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv10703	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv10704	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv10705	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
prok_asv10706	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadaceae	Kordiimonas
prok_asv10707	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv10708	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacteria	Latescibacterales	Latescibacteraceae	Latescibacteraceae uc
prok_asv10709	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10711	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Marinagarivorans
prok_asv10712	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Ruminococcaceae	Anaerofilum
prok_asv10713	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Alloprevotella
prok_asv10714	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv10715	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Pectobacteriaceae	Pectobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv10716	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv10717	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv10718	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	NKB5	NKB5 uc	NKB5 uc
prok_asv10719	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv10720	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv10722	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv10723	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	KD4-96	KD4-96 uc	KD4-96 uc	KD4-96 uc
prok_asv10724	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
prok_asv10725	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv10726	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Oscillospiraceae	Oscillospiraceae uc
prok_asv10727	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
prok_asv10728	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia
prok_asv10729	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv10730	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcaceae uc
prok_asv10731	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	IMCC26256	IMCC26256 uc	IMCC26256 uc
prok_asv10732	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv10733	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv10734	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
prok_asv10735	Bacteria	Deinococcota	Deinococci	Thermales	Thermaceae	Meiothermus
prok_asv10736	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Salinirepens
prok_asv10737	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv10738	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
prok_asv10739	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella
prok_asv10740	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
prok_asv10741	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
prok_asv10742	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv10743	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv10744	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Microtrichaceae uc
prok_asv10745	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv10746	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv10747	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Granulosicoccales	Granulosicoccaceae	Granulosicoccus
prok_asv10748	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	Desulfocapsaceae uc
prok_asv10749	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv10750	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv10751	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Subgroup_9	Subgroup_9 uc	Subgroup_9 uc
prok_asv10752	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10753	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
prok_asv10754	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	Fokiniaceae uc
prok_asv10756	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Azospirillales	Azospirillaceae	Skermanella
prok_asv10757	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10758	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv10759	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10760	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv10761	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv10763	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Alteromonadaceae uc
prok_asv10764	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella
prok_asv10765	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv10766	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
prok_asv10767	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv10768	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides
prok_asv10769	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
prok_asv10770	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Nitriliruptorales	Nitriliruptoraceae	Nitriliruptoraceae uc
prok_asv10771	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
prok_asv10772	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv10773	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
prok_asv10774	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv10775	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv10776	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv10777	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv10778	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Clavibacter
prok_asv10780	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv10781	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidales uc	Bacteroidales uc
prok_asv10782	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	NS11-12	NS11-12 uc
prok_asv10783	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv10784	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv10785	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
prok_asv10786	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv10787	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv10788	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv10789	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv10790	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv10791	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
prok_asv10792	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv10793	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	CHAB-XI-27	CHAB-XI-27 uc	CHAB-XI-27 uc
prok_asv10794	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv10795	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv10796	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
prok_asv10797	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv10798	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
prok_asv10799	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv10800	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv10801	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv10802	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv10803	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
prok_asv10804	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
prok_asv10805	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv10806	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv10807	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
prok_asv10808	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Albimonas
prok_asv10809	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv10810	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv10811	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv10812	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv10813	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv10815	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv10816	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
prok_asv10817	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv10818	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
prok_asv10819	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv10820	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv10821	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	Kiritimatiellales	Kiritimatiellaceae	R76-B128
prok_asv10822	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv10823	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv10824	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv10825	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv10826	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingopyxis
prok_asv10827	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Gilvibacter
prok_asv10828	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv10829	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10830	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10831	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv10832	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv10833	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv10834	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv10835	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv10836	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
prok_asv10837	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv10838	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv10839	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv10840	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv10841	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	OCS116	OCS116 uc
prok_asv10842	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv10843	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv10845	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv10846	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv10847	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv10848	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv10849	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv10850	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv10851	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	Methylotenera
prok_asv10852	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae uc
prok_asv10853	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv10854	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv10855	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv10856	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
prok_asv10857	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv10859	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv10860	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Sandaracinaceae	Sandaracinaceae uc
prok_asv10861	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	AT-s2-59	AT-s2-59 uc	AT-s2-59 uc
prok_asv10862	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv10863	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae	Atopostipes
prok_asv10865	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv10866	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv10867	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Lysinibacillus
prok_asv10868	Bacteria	Nitrospirota	Nitrospiria	Nitrospirales	Nitrospiraceae	Nitrospira
prok_asv10869	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv10870	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv10871	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv10872	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv10873	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv10874	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10875	Bacteria	Fibrobacterota	Fibrobacteria	Fibrobacterales	Fibrobacteraceae	Fibrobacteraceae uc
prok_asv10876	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Tenacibaculum
prok_asv10877	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavicella
prok_asv10878	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium
prok_asv10879	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv10880	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv10881	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10882	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cytophagales uc	Cytophagales uc
prok_asv10883	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadaceae	Kordiimonas
prok_asv10884	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Acidibacter
prok_asv10885	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv10886	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv10889	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv10890	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv10891	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv10892	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_26	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc
prok_asv10893	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv10894	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv10895	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv10896	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv10897	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv10898	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv10899	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
prok_asv10900	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
prok_asv10901	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichales uc	Microtrichales uc
prok_asv10902	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv10903	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv10904	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv10905	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv10906	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv10907	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv10908	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv10909	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
prok_asv10910	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Glaciecola
prok_asv10911	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv10912	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10913	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv10914	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv10915	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Gaiellales	Gaiellales uc	Gaiellales uc
prok_asv10916	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv10917	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Janthinobacterium
prok_asv10918	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv10919	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Hymenobacteraceae	Adhaeribacter
prok_asv10920	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv10921	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv10922	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Solirubrobacterales	Solirubrobacteraceae	Solirubrobacteraceae uc
prok_asv10923	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv10924	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
prok_asv10925	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus
prok_asv10926	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv10927	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Gaiellales	Gaiellales uc	Gaiellales uc
prok_asv10928	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Varunaivibrio
prok_asv10929	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv10930	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	DSSD61
prok_asv10931	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv10932	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
prok_asv10933	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv10934	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Fuerstia
prok_asv10935	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
prok_asv10936	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv10937	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Staphylococcales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus
prok_asv10938	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	P9X2b3D02	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc
prok_asv10939	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
prok_asv10940	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv10941	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv10942	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv10943	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS2b
prok_asv10944	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Persicirhabdus
prok_asv10945	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	MBAE14	MBAE14 uc	MBAE14 uc
prok_asv10946	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	NRL2	NRL2 uc	NRL2 uc
prok_asv10947	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv10948	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv10949	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methyloligellaceae	Methyloligellaceae uc
prok_asv10950	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Cocleimonas
prok_asv10951	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfobacteraceae	Desulfobacula
prok_asv10952	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10953	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv10954	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
prok_asv10955	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv10956	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
prok_asv10957	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv10958	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv10959	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
prok_asv10960	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv10961	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
prok_asv10962	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10963	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv10964	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10966	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
prok_asv10967	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv10968	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Porphyrobacter
prok_asv10969	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv10970	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	BIrii41	BIrii41 uc
prok_asv10971	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
prok_asv10972	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10973	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv10974	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv10975	Bacteria	AncK6	AncK6 uc	AncK6 uc	AncK6 uc	AncK6 uc
prok_asv10976	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Saccharospirillaceae uc
prok_asv10977	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Acetobacterales	Acetobacteraceae	Acidiphilium
prok_asv10978	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
prok_asv10979	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv10980	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridia_vadinBB60_group	Clostridia_vadinBB60_group uc	Clostridia_vadinBB60_group uc
prok_asv10981	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacteriaceae uc
prok_asv10982	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv10983	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Cerasicoccus
prok_asv10984	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv10985	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Thioalkalispiraceae	Thiohalophilus
prok_asv10986	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
prok_asv10987	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv10988	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv10989	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SS1-B-07-19	SS1-B-07-19 uc	SS1-B-07-19 uc
prok_asv10990	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiohalorhabdales	Thiohalorhabdaceae	Thiohalorhabdaceae uc
prok_asv10991	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv10992	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Cocleimonas
prok_asv10993	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv10994	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv10995	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv10997	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv10998	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv10999	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Luminiphilus
prok_asv11000	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv11001	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv11002	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11003	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Lentimonas
prok_asv11004	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv11005	Bacteria	Deinococcota	Deinococci	Thermales	Thermaceae	Thermus
prok_asv11006	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv11007	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv11008	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv11009	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv11010	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Acetobacterales	Acetobacteraceae	Roseomonas
prok_asv11011	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	SCGC_AAA011-D5	SCGC_AAA011-D5 uc
prok_asv11012	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv11013	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EV818SWSAP88	EV818SWSAP88 uc	EV818SWSAP88 uc
prok_asv11014	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv11015	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Actinobacillus
prok_asv11016	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Halobacteriovorax
prok_asv11017	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Frigidibacter
prok_asv11018	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv11019	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Cryobacterium
prok_asv11020	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv11021	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv11022	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EC3	EC3 uc	EC3 uc
prok_asv11023	Bacteria	Sumerlaeota	Sumerlaeia	Sumerlaeales	Sumerlaeaceae	Sumerlaea
prok_asv11024	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_21	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc
prok_asv11025	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv11026	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv11027	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv11028	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv11029	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv11031	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv11032	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv11033	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv11034	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Acidobacteriae	Subgroup_13	Subgroup_13 uc	Subgroup_13 uc
prok_asv11035	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
prok_asv11037	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv11038	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv11039	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv11040	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv11041	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv11042	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv11043	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv11045	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
prok_asv11046	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
prok_asv11047	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv11048	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsia
prok_asv11049	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktotalea
prok_asv11050	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv11051	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv11052	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
prok_asv11053	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv11054	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11055	Bacteria	Nitrospirota	Nitrospiria	Nitrospirales	Nitrospiraceae	Nitrospira
prok_asv11056	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv11057	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv11058	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv11059	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv11060	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv11061	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
prok_asv11062	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv11063	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv11064	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv11065	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv11066	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
prok_asv11067	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Afipia
prok_asv11068	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv11069	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv11070	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv11071	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Algicola
prok_asv11072	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv11073	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv11074	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv11075	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv11076	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv11077	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv11078	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	Bdellovibrio
prok_asv11079	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv11080	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Hydrogenophilaceae	Hydrogenophilus
prok_asv11081	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv11083	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv11084	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv11085	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
prok_asv11086	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Chromatiaceae	Chromatiaceae uc
prok_asv11087	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv11088	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv11089	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
prok_asv11090	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EC3	EC3 uc	EC3 uc
prok_asv11091	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv11092	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	SM2D12	SM2D12 uc
prok_asv11093	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv11094	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv11095	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Tenderiales	Tenderiaceae	Cand_Tenderia
prok_asv11096	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv11097	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	SM2D12	SM2D12 uc
prok_asv11098	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
prok_asv11099	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv11100	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
prok_asv11101	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv11102	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv11103	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_23
prok_asv11104	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
prok_asv11106	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	AKAU3564_sediment_group	AKAU3564_sediment_group uc
prok_asv11107	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv11108	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv11109	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacteriaceae uc
prok_asv11110	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Spirosomaceae	Dyadobacter
prok_asv11111	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
prok_asv11112	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	OCS116	OCS116 uc
prok_asv11113	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Methanomassiliicoccales	Methanomethylophilaceae	Cand_Methanogranum
prok_asv11114	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv11115	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv11116	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
prok_asv11117	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv11118	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv11119	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv11120	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Microscillaceae	Microscilla
prok_asv11121	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11122	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv11123	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
prok_asv11124	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11125	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv11126	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv11127	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv11128	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales uc	Rhizobiales uc
prok_asv11129	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv11130	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv11131	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv11132	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingorhabdus
prok_asv11133	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
prok_asv11134	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv11135	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv11136	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv11137	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv11138	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv11139	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Eel-36e1D6	Eel-36e1D6 uc
prok_asv11140	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Paenibacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus
prok_asv11141	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
prok_asv11142	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv11143	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv11144	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv11145	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Marmoricola
prok_asv11146	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv11147	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Holosporales	Holosporaceae	Holosporaceae uc
prok_asv11148	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv11149	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
prok_asv11150	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv11151	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Allofrancisella
prok_asv11152	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	Cm1-21
prok_asv11153	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv11154	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv11155	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv11156	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv11157	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv11158	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv11159	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
prok_asv11160	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv11161	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Shimia
prok_asv11162	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionales uc	Cellvibrionales uc
prok_asv11163	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv11164	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
prok_asv11165	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv11166	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	Gemmatimonadetes	Gemmatimonadales	Gemmatimonadaceae	Gemmatimonadaceae uc
prok_asv11167	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
prok_asv11168	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv11169	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv11170	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
prok_asv11171	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv11172	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Rhodospirillaceae uc
prok_asv11173	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv11174	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
prok_asv11175	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv11176	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv11177	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Curvibacter
prok_asv11178	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv11179	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv11180	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prolixibacteraceae	Roseimarinus
prok_asv11181	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv11182	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv11183	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv11184	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11185	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Dubosiella
prok_asv11186	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv11187	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv11188	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv11189	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	DscP2	DscP2 uc	DscP2 uc
prok_asv11190	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv11191	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv11192	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Subgroup_9	Subgroup_9 uc	Subgroup_9 uc
prok_asv11193	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv11194	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv11195	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Atopobiaceae	Atopobium
prok_asv11196	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv11197	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Saccharimonadia	Saccharimonadales	Saccharimonadales uc	Saccharimonadales uc
prok_asv11198	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter
prok_asv11199	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv11200	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Brevundimonas
prok_asv11201	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv11202	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	Desulfocapsaceae uc
prok_asv11203	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingobium
prok_asv11204	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv11205	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv11206	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_23
prok_asv11207	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv11208	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Massilia
prok_asv11209	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11210	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
prok_asv11211	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Altererythrobacter
prok_asv11212	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv11213	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
prok_asv11214	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
prok_asv11215	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11216	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla4_lineage	Pla4_lineage uc	Pla4_lineage uc	Pla4_lineage uc
prok_asv11217	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquibacter
prok_asv11218	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv11219	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquibacter
prok_asv11220	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv11221	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv11222	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
prok_asv11223	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11224	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Granulosicoccales	Granulosicoccaceae	Granulosicoccus
prok_asv11226	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	JGI_0000069-P22	JGI_0000069-P22 uc	JGI_0000069-P22 uc
prok_asv11227	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
prok_asv11228	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	1174-901-12
prok_asv11229	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv11230	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv11231	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv11232	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv11233	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Sphingobacterium
prok_asv11234	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Frankiales	Frankiales uc	Frankiales uc
prok_asv11235	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv11236	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv11237	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
prok_asv11238	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv11239	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
prok_asv11240	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv11241	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv11243	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
prok_asv11244	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv11245	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Parafrigoribacterium
prok_asv11246	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Shuttleworthia
prok_asv11247	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Altererythrobacter
prok_asv11248	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae_FCS020_group
prok_asv11249	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotellaceae uc
prok_asv11250	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	MN_122.2a
prok_asv11251	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Haliangiales	Haliangiaceae	Haliangium
prok_asv11252	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Tenacibaculum
prok_asv11253	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv11254	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv11255	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv11256	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv11257	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
prok_asv11258	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv11260	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	Bdellovibrio
prok_asv11261	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv11262	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv11263	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv11264	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv11265	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	Desulfocapsaceae uc
prok_asv11266	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Dasania
prok_asv11267	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv11268	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv11269	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv11270	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Octadecabacter
prok_asv11271	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
prok_asv11272	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutimonas
prok_asv11273	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
prok_asv11274	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv11275	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv11276	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_23
prok_asv11277	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Hymenobacteraceae	Adhaeribacter
prok_asv11278	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv11279	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
prok_asv11280	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
prok_asv11281	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv11282	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv11283	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
prok_asv11284	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Sediminibacterium
prok_asv11285	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv11286	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv11287	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktotalea
prok_asv11288	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv11289	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
prok_asv11290	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv11291	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv11292	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv11293	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv11294	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv11295	Bacteria	Fibrobacterota	Fibrobacteria	Fibrobacterales	Fibrobacteraceae	Fibrobacteraceae uc
prok_asv11296	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Hymenobacteraceae	Hymenobacter
prok_asv11297	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv11298	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv11299	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
prok_asv11300	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Vermiphilaceae	Vermiphilaceae uc
prok_asv11301	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv11302	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Psychrobium
prok_asv11303	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv11304	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Fenollaria
prok_asv11305	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv11306	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv11307	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv11308	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv11309	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11310	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv11311	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv11312	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv11313	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv11314	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv11315	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio
prok_asv11316	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	UBA12409	UBA12409 uc
prok_asv11317	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv11318	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv11319	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Algibacter
prok_asv11320	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caedibacterales	Caedibacteraceae	Caedibacteraceae uc
prok_asv11321	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	Gemmatimonadetes	Gemmatimonadales	Gemmatimonadaceae	Gemmatimonadaceae uc
prok_asv11322	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv11323	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv11324	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv11325	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv11326	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv11327	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv11328	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv11329	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv11330	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Cognatiyoonia
prok_asv11332	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv11333	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv11334	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv11335	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv11336	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Salinirepens
prok_asv11337	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	UBA12409	UBA12409 uc
prok_asv11338	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv11339	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
prok_asv11340	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospirales uc	Lachnospirales uc
prok_asv11341	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisella
prok_asv11342	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv11343	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv11344	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv11345	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv11346	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv11347	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv11348	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Terasakiellaceae	Terasakiellaceae uc
prok_asv11349	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
prok_asv11350	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Bosea
prok_asv11351	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	Cand_Peregrinibacteria	Cand_Peregrinibacteria uc	Cand_Peregrinibacteria uc
prok_asv11352	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv11353	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv11354	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv11355	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv11356	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
prok_asv11357	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc
prok_asv11358	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Algoriphagus
prok_asv11359	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Psychrobacter
prok_asv11360	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv11362	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv11363	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv11364	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv11365	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_21	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc
prok_asv11366	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv11367	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv11368	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv11369	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv11370	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
prok_asv11371	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv11372	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	Kiritimatiellales	Kiritimatiellaceae	R76-B128
prok_asv11373	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Algibacter
prok_asv11374	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv11375	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Schleiferiaceae	Schleiferia
prok_asv11377	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv11378	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv11379	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
prok_asv11380	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
prok_asv11381	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv11382	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv11383	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv11384	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv11385	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	F9P41300-M23	F9P41300-M23 uc	F9P41300-M23 uc
prok_asv11386	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv11387	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv11388	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS2b
prok_asv11389	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv11391	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11392	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	GOUTA6
prok_asv11393	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv11394	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv11395	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiohalorhabdales	Thiohalorhabdaceae	Thiohalorhabdaceae uc
prok_asv11396	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
prok_asv11397	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv11398	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11399	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	028H05-P-BN-P5	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc
prok_asv11400	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
prok_asv11401	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11402	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv11403	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv11404	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv11405	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Granulosicoccales	Granulosicoccaceae	Granulosicoccus
prok_asv11406	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv11407	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Aliikangiella
prok_asv11408	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv11410	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv11411	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv11412	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv11413	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv11414	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
prok_asv11415	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv11416	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisella
prok_asv11417	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv11418	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv11419	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv11420	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv11421	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Subgroup_9	Subgroup_9 uc	Subgroup_9 uc
prok_asv11422	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv11423	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
prok_asv11424	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv11425	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv11426	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	MSB-1D1
prok_asv11427	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv11428	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	SCGC_AAA011-D5	SCGC_AAA011-D5 uc
prok_asv11429	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Paenibacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Cohnella
prok_asv11430	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
prok_asv11431	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv11432	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv11433	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv11434	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv11435	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv11436	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfatiglandales	Desulfatiglandaceae	Desulfatiglans
prok_asv11437	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Kangiellaceae uc
prok_asv11438	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv11439	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv11440	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv11441	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv11442	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv11443	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv11444	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
prok_asv11445	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv11446	Bacteria	Abditibacteriota	Abditibacteria	Abditibacteriales	Abditibacteriaceae	Abditibacterium
prok_asv11447	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv11449	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
prok_asv11450	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv11452	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Chthoniobacterales	Terrimicrobiaceae	Terrimicrobium
prok_asv11453	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv11454	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotellaceae_Ga6A1_group
prok_asv11455	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
prok_asv11456	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv11457	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
prok_asv11458	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv11459	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Kangiellaceae uc
prok_asv11460	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinilabiliaceae	Carboxylicivirga
prok_asv11461	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv11462	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Haloferula
prok_asv11463	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	Kiritimatiellales	Kiritimatiellaceae	R76-B128
prok_asv11464	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv11465	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Microscillaceae	Microscillaceae uc
prok_asv11466	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv11467	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
prok_asv11468	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv11469	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv11470	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Bernardetiaceae	Bernardetia
prok_asv11471	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv11472	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv11473	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv11474	Bacteria	Deferrisomatota	Defferrisomatia	Defferrisomatales	Defferrisomataceae	Deferrisoma
prok_asv11475	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv11476	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv11477	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
prok_asv11478	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
prok_asv11479	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
prok_asv11480	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Anaerococcus
prok_asv11481	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	Arctic95B-14	Arctic95B-14 uc
prok_asv11483	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv11484	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Haemophilus
prok_asv11485	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Ilumatobacteraceae	Ilumatobacteraceae uc
prok_asv11486	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv11487	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv11488	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv11489	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv11490	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Conyzicola
prok_asv11491	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11492	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv11494	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv11495	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Chryseobacterium
prok_asv11496	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv11497	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv11498	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	PS1	PS1 uc
prok_asv11499	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
prok_asv11500	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Fusibacteraceae	Fusibacter
prok_asv11501	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
prok_asv11502	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv11503	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	Desulfosarcinaceae uc
prok_asv11505	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv11506	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv11507	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv11508	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv11509	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Thalassotalea
prok_asv11510	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv11511	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv11512	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Zetaproteobacteria	Mariprofundales	Mariprofundaceae	Mariprofundus
prok_asv11513	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
prok_asv11514	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfobulbaceae	Desulfobulbaceae uc
prok_asv11515	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
prok_asv11516	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Pedosphaerales	Pedosphaeraceae	Pedosphaeraceae uc
prok_asv11517	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv11518	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv11519	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv11520	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliaceae	Babeliaceae uc
prok_asv11521	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv11522	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
prok_asv11524	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv11525	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv11526	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv11527	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv11528	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella
prok_asv11529	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Rhodospirillaceae uc
prok_asv11530	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv11531	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caedibacterales	Caedibacteraceae	Cand_Nucleicultrix
prok_asv11532	Bacteria	Armatimonadota	Fimbriimonadia	Fimbriimonadales	Fimbriimonadaceae	Fimbriimonadaceae uc
prok_asv11533	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales_Incertae_Sedis	Phreatobacter
prok_asv11534	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv11535	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	SM2D12	SM2D12 uc
prok_asv11536	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv11537	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	Arctic95B-14	Arctic95B-14 uc
prok_asv11538	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Chthoniobacterales	Chthoniobacteraceae	LD29
prok_asv11539	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc
prok_asv11540	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11541	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	UBA12409	UBA12409 uc
prok_asv11542	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cytophagales uc	Cytophagales uc
prok_asv11543	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv11544	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Dasania
prok_asv11545	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11546	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11547	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv11548	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv11549	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11550	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv11551	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc
prok_asv11552	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Portibacter
prok_asv11553	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	PS1	PS1 uc
prok_asv11554	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv11555	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv11556	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_21	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc
prok_asv11557	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv11558	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv11559	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv11560	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv11561	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv11564	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv11565	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv11566	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv11567	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv11568	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv11569	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv11570	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv11571	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv11572	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv11573	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
prok_asv11574	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thiomicrospiraceae	endosymbionts
prok_asv11575	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Pseudorhodobacter
prok_asv11576	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv11577	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Nitriliruptorales	Nitriliruptoraceae	Nitriliruptoraceae uc
prok_asv11578	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Acidobacteriae	Subgroup_13	Subgroup_13 uc	Subgroup_13 uc
prok_asv11579	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Luteolibacter
prok_asv11580	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv11581	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv11582	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv11583	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Morganellaceae	Providencia
prok_asv11584	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Comamonadaceae uc
prok_asv11585	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv11586	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv11587	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv11588	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11589	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oleiphilaceae	Oleiphilus
prok_asv11590	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
prok_asv11591	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11592	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv11593	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
prok_asv11594	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Ruminococcaceae	Faecalibacterium
prok_asv11595	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Luteolibacter
prok_asv11596	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv11597	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv11598	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv11599	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Cerasicoccus
prok_asv11600	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv11601	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv11603	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv11604	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv11605	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv11606	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv11607	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv11608	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
prok_asv11609	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv11610	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv11611	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv11612	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv11613	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	JGI_0000069-P22	JGI_0000069-P22 uc	JGI_0000069-P22 uc
prok_asv11614	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	CCM11a	CCM11a uc	CCM11a uc
prok_asv11615	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv11616	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv11617	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Pelagicoccus
prok_asv11618	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv11619	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv11620	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Allorhizobium-Neorhizobium-Pararhizobium-Rhizobium
prok_asv11621	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella
prok_asv11622	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv11624	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv11625	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv11626	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv11627	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv11628	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv11629	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv11630	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11631	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv11632	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella
prok_asv11633	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv11634	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv11635	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv11636	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfarculia	Desulfarculales	Desulfarculaceae	Dethiosulfatarculus
prok_asv11637	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv11638	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv11639	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv11640	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv11641	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv11642	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv11643	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv11644	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv11645	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv11647	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv11648	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv11649	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sedimentitalea
prok_asv11650	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv11651	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv11652	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv11653	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv11654	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv11655	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv11656	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
prok_asv11657	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv11658	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
prok_asv11659	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv11660	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Neisseriaceae	Neisseria
prok_asv11661	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv11662	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11663	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv11664	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11665	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Allofrancisella
prok_asv11666	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv11667	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv11668	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Subgroup_9	Subgroup_9 uc	Subgroup_9 uc
prok_asv11669	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella
prok_asv11670	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv11671	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv11672	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv11674	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11676	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Altererythrobacter
prok_asv11677	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv11678	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv11679	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingorhabdus
prok_asv11680	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
prok_asv11681	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv11682	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11683	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv11684	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv11685	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv11686	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv11687	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv11688	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv11689	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv11691	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11692	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv11693	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv11694	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
prok_asv11695	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
prok_asv11696	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Eel-36e1D6	Eel-36e1D6 uc
prok_asv11697	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv11698	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	FS142-36B-02
prok_asv11699	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv11700	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Eel-36e1D6	Eel-36e1D6 uc
prok_asv11701	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
prok_asv11702	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
prok_asv11704	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11705	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
prok_asv11706	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
prok_asv11707	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales_fa	Cand_Jidaibacter
prok_asv11708	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Bythopirellula
prok_asv11709	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
prok_asv11710	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv11711	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv11712	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv11713	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv11714	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
prok_asv11715	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	KD4-96	KD4-96 uc	KD4-96 uc	KD4-96 uc
prok_asv11716	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv11717	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
prok_asv11718	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavirhabdus
prok_asv11719	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ruegeria
prok_asv11720	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
prok_asv11721	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv11722	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv11723	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11725	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	AT-s2-59	AT-s2-59 uc	AT-s2-59 uc
prok_asv11727	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv11729	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv11730	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
prok_asv11731	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv11732	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
prok_asv11733	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
prok_asv11734	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv11735	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadales uc	Kordiimonadales uc
prok_asv11736	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv11737	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv11738	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionales uc	Cellvibrionales uc
prok_asv11739	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11740	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv11741	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv11742	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Holophagae	Acanthopleuribacterales	Acanthopleuribacteraceae	Acanthopleuribacter
prok_asv11743	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
prok_asv11744	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv11745	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv11746	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
prok_asv11747	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv11749	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv11751	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv11752	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
prok_asv11753	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv11754	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv11755	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv11756	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
prok_asv11757	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv11758	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv11759	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv11760	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	PS1	PS1 uc
prok_asv11761	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Terasakiellaceae	Terasakiellaceae uc
prok_asv11762	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
prok_asv11763	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv11764	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Subgroup_9	Subgroup_9 uc	Subgroup_9 uc
prok_asv11765	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv11766	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv11767	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv11768	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv11769	Bacteria	Methylomirabilota	Methylomirabilia	Methylomirabilales	Methylomirabilaceae	wb1-A12
prok_asv11770	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv11771	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv11772	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv11773	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv11774	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv11775	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv11776	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv11777	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv11778	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv11779	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv11780	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv11781	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv11782	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv11783	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Frankiales	Nakamurellaceae	Nakamurella
prok_asv11784	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Solirubrobacterales	67-14	67-14 uc
prok_asv11785	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv11786	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv11787	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv11788	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv11789	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv11790	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Marinoscillum
prok_asv11791	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv11792	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv11793	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv11794	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv11795	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv11796	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Holophagae	Subgroup_7	Subgroup_7 uc	Subgroup_7 uc
prok_asv11797	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv11798	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv11799	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Rikenellaceae	Rikenella
prok_asv11800	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv11801	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionales uc	Cellvibrionales uc
prok_asv11802	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv11803	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv11804	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Isosphaerales	Isosphaeraceae	Tundrisphaera
prok_asv11805	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv11806	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales_Incertae_Sedis	Bauldia
prok_asv11807	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Nocardioides
prok_asv11808	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	AT-s2-59	AT-s2-59 uc	AT-s2-59 uc
prok_asv11809	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11810	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Ochrobactrum
prok_asv11811	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Plantibacter
prok_asv11812	Bacteria	Deinococcota	Deinococci	Thermales	Thermaceae	Meiothermus
prok_asv11813	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11814	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv11815	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv11816	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv11818	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv11819	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv11820	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
prok_asv11821	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Arthrobacter
prok_asv11822	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv11823	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Alteromonas
prok_asv11824	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Milano-WF1B-44	Milano-WF1B-44 uc	Milano-WF1B-44 uc
prok_asv11825	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv11826	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11827	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv11828	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv11829	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv11830	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	Sva0081_sediment_group
prok_asv11831	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv11832	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv11833	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	AT-s2-59	AT-s2-59 uc	AT-s2-59 uc
prok_asv11834	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesia
prok_asv11835	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv11836	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Bradyrhizobium
prok_asv11837	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
prok_asv11838	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Motiliproteus
prok_asv11839	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv11840	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Caldicoprobacterales	Caldicoprobacteraceae	Caldicoprobacter
prok_asv11841	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv11842	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla4_lineage	Pla4_lineage uc	Pla4_lineage uc	Pla4_lineage uc
prok_asv11843	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cand_Endoecteinascidia
prok_asv11844	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomicaceae uc
prok_asv11845	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv11846	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv11847	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales_Incertae_Sedis	Bauldia
prok_asv11848	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv11849	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
prok_asv11850	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv11851	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc
prok_asv11852	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv11853	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11854	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv11855	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv11856	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv11857	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
prok_asv11858	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv11859	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv11860	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11861	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv11863	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv11864	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellula
prok_asv11866	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Haliangiales	Haliangiaceae	Haliangium
prok_asv11867	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv11868	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
prok_asv11869	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Hydrogenophilaceae	Thiobacillus
prok_asv11870	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
prok_asv11871	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv11872	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Bythopirellula
prok_asv11873	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Hyphomicrobiaceae	Hyphomicrobium
prok_asv11874	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	P.palmC41	P.palmC41 uc	P.palmC41 uc
prok_asv11875	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Salinirepens
prok_asv11876	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	pItb-vmat-80	pItb-vmat-80 uc	pItb-vmat-80 uc
prok_asv11877	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv11878	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv11879	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv11880	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sedimentitalea
prok_asv11882	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv11883	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv11884	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
prok_asv11885	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Granulosicoccales	Granulosicoccaceae	Granulosicoccus
prok_asv11887	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv11888	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Ekhidna
prok_asv11889	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria uc	Actinobacteria uc	Actinobacteria uc
prok_asv11890	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv11891	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfobacteraceae	Desulfobacteraceae uc
prok_asv11892	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv11893	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv11894	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
prok_asv11895	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
prok_asv11896	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv11897	Bacteria	Campilobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Sulfurimonadaceae	Sulfurimonas
prok_asv11898	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Frankiales	Frankiaceae	Jatrophihabitans
prok_asv11899	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv11900	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales_Incertae_Sedis	Bauldia
prok_asv11901	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv11902	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Thermoflexales	Thermoflexaceae	Thermoflexus
prok_asv11903	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv11904	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv11905	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv11906	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
prok_asv11907	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Varunaivibrio
prok_asv11908	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv11909	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11910	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla4_lineage	Pla4_lineage uc	Pla4_lineage uc	Pla4_lineage uc
prok_asv11911	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv11912	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc
prok_asv11914	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11916	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv11917	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Planctomicrobium
prok_asv11918	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Algoriphagus
prok_asv11919	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv11920	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv11921	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv11922	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
prok_asv11923	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv11924	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv11925	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv11926	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11927	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
prok_asv11928	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv11929	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv11930	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Granulosicoccales	Granulosicoccaceae	Granulosicoccus
prok_asv11931	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	AKYG587
prok_asv11932	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv11933	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	SCGC_AAA011-D5	SCGC_AAA011-D5 uc
prok_asv11934	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv11935	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Cohaesibacter
prok_asv11936	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv11937	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv11938	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	vadinHA49	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc
prok_asv11939	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv11940	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv11941	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv11942	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	Parvibaculaceae	Mf105b01
prok_asv11943	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Allorhizobium-Neorhizobium-Pararhizobium-Rhizobium
prok_asv11945	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv11946	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
prok_asv11947	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv11948	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
prok_asv11949	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
prok_asv11950	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv11951	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv11952	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv11953	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv11954	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv11955	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinilabiliaceae	Labilibacter
prok_asv11956	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv11957	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	PS1	PS1 uc
prok_asv11958	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	P0X4b2H11	P0X4b2H11 uc	P0X4b2H11 uc
prok_asv11959	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Flammeovirgaceae	Sediminitomix
prok_asv11960	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadaceae	Kordiimonas
prok_asv11961	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_5	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc
prok_asv11962	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv11964	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv11966	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Pseudorhodobacter
prok_asv11967	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Lentibacter
prok_asv11968	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11969	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11970	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv11971	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
prok_asv11972	Bacteria	Sva0485	Sva0485 uc	Sva0485 uc	Sva0485 uc	Sva0485 uc
prok_asv11973	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv11974	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv11975	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv11977	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv11978	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv11979	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
prok_asv11980	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv11981	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv11982	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Bernardetiaceae	Garritya
prok_asv11983	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv11984	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv11985	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv11986	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophagaceae uc
prok_asv11987	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
prok_asv11988	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv11989	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv11990	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv11991	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv11992	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Psychrobacillus
prok_asv11993	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
prok_asv11994	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv11995	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Pseudonocardia
prok_asv11996	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Actinobacillus
prok_asv11997	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv11998	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv11999	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv12000	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv12001	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv12002	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
prok_asv12003	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Alcanivoracaceae1	Alcanivorax
prok_asv12005	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv12006	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv12007	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prolixibacteraceae	Draconibacterium
prok_asv12008	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv12009	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
prok_asv12010	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv12011	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
prok_asv12012	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv12013	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv12014	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv12015	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv12017	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Opitutaceae	Opitutus
prok_asv12018	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv12019	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv12020	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Holosporales	Holosporaceae	Holosporaceae uc
prok_asv12022	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv12023	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv12024	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Actibacterium
prok_asv12025	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv12026	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv12027	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
prok_asv12028	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
prok_asv12029	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv12030	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv12031	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
prok_asv12032	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv12034	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Aliiglaciecola
prok_asv12035	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Thalassobius
prok_asv12036	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Varunaivibrio
prok_asv12037	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv12038	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	C1-B045
prok_asv12039	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv12040	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
prok_asv12041	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv12042	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv12043	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv12044	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12045	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv12046	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12047	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Oxalobacteraceae uc
prok_asv12048	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
prok_asv12049	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv12050	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv12051	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv12052	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
prok_asv12053	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv12054	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv12055	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv12056	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv12057	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv12058	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv12059	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv12060	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
prok_asv12061	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
prok_asv12062	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv12063	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv12064	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv12065	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	4572-13	4572-13 uc
prok_asv12066	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv12067	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
prok_asv12070	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv12071	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Glutamicibacter
prok_asv12072	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv12073	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv12074	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
prok_asv12075	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv12076	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv12077	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv12078	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv12079	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv12080	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Subgroup_17	Subgroup_17 uc	Subgroup_17 uc
prok_asv12081	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv12082	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv12083	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionales uc	Cellvibrionales uc
prok_asv12084	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv12085	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv12086	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv12087	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Spongiimicrobium
prok_asv12088	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Luteolibacter
prok_asv12089	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira
prok_asv12090	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Vampirivibrionia	Obscuribacterales	Obscuribacteraceae	Obscuribacteraceae uc
prok_asv12091	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv12092	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv12093	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv12094	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv12095	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv12096	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc
prok_asv12097	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv12098	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionales uc	Cellvibrionales uc
prok_asv12099	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv12100	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Tannerellaceae	Tannerella
prok_asv12101	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella
prok_asv12102	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv12103	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
prok_asv12104	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12105	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Rhodococcus
prok_asv12106	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv12107	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12108	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Oceaniovalibus
prok_asv12109	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla4_lineage	Pla4_lineage uc	Pla4_lineage uc	Pla4_lineage uc
prok_asv12110	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	Arctic95B-14	Arctic95B-14 uc
prok_asv12111	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12112	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
prok_asv12113	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Aliikangiella
prok_asv12114	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfobulbaceae	Desulfobulbus
prok_asv12115	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Cryptoprodotis
prok_asv12116	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv12117	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichales uc	Microtrichales uc
prok_asv12118	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv12119	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
prok_asv12120	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv12121	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	Nitrosomonas
prok_asv12122	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Eel-36e1D6	Eel-36e1D6 uc
prok_asv12123	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv12124	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv12125	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv12126	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv12127	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv12128	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	F9P41300-M23	F9P41300-M23 uc	F9P41300-M23 uc
prok_asv12129	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv12130	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv12131	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12132	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv12133	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
prok_asv12134	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Sutterellaceae	Sutterellaceae uc
prok_asv12135	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv12136	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv12137	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellula
prok_asv12138	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv12139	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12140	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv12141	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
prok_asv12142	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv12143	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12144	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv12145	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
prok_asv12146	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
prok_asv12147	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv12148	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiales	Simkaniaceae	Simkaniaceae uc
prok_asv12149	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	ABY1	Cand_Kerfeldbacteria	Cand_Kerfeldbacteria uc	Cand_Kerfeldbacteria uc
prok_asv12150	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Thalassospiraceae	Thalassospira
prok_asv12151	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
prok_asv12152	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Pedosphaerales	Pedosphaeraceae	SCGC_AAA164-E04
prok_asv12153	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv12154	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv12155	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv12156	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
prok_asv12157	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Actibacter
prok_asv12158	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	Desulfocapsaceae uc
prok_asv12159	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
prok_asv12160	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_23
prok_asv12161	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
prok_asv12162	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv12163	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12164	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv12165	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
prok_asv12166	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv12167	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
prok_asv12168	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv12169	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
prok_asv12170	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	Cm1-21
prok_asv12171	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv12173	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Granulosicoccales	Granulosicoccaceae	Granulosicoccus
prok_asv12174	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv12175	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv12176	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv12177	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv12178	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv12179	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Bergeyella
prok_asv12180	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Altererythrobacter
prok_asv12181	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
prok_asv12182	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cytophagales uc	Cytophagales uc
prok_asv12183	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv12184	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
prok_asv12185	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
prok_asv12186	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv12187	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Persicirhabdus
prok_asv12188	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv12189	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv12190	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Solirubrobacterales	67-14	67-14 uc
prok_asv12191	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfobulbaceae	Desulfobulbaceae uc
prok_asv12192	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv12193	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	Kiritimatiellales	Kiritimatiellaceae	R76-B128
prok_asv12194	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv12195	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv12196	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	koll11	koll11 uc
prok_asv12197	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv12198	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv12199	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
prok_asv12200	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
prok_asv12201	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Allorhizobium-Neorhizobium-Pararhizobium-Rhizobium
prok_asv12202	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv12203	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
prok_asv12204	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv12205	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv12206	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv12207	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv12208	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
prok_asv12209	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv12210	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv12211	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv12212	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv12213	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv12214	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
prok_asv12215	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
prok_asv12216	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv12217	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv12218	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv12219	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
prok_asv12220	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv12221	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv12222	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
prok_asv12223	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
prok_asv12224	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
prok_asv12225	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Granulosicoccales	Granulosicoccaceae	Granulosicoccus
prok_asv12226	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv12227	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
prok_asv12228	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12229	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv12231	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv12232	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Diplorickettsiales	Diplorickettsiaceae	Rickettsiella
prok_asv12233	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv12234	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
prok_asv12235	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv12236	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv12237	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv12238	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv12239	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
prok_asv12240	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesia
prok_asv12241	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12242	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv12243	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv12244	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
prok_asv12245	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
prok_asv12246	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Acetobacterales	Acetobacteraceae	Acidiphilium
prok_asv12247	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
prok_asv12248	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	SCGC_AAA011-D5	SCGC_AAA011-D5 uc
prok_asv12249	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Oscillospiraceae	UCG-005
prok_asv12250	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Erysipelotrichaceae uc
prok_asv12252	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12253	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Ruminococcaceae	Faecalibacterium
prok_asv12254	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv12255	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv12256	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv12257	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv12258	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv12259	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium
prok_asv12260	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
prok_asv12261	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv12262	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv12263	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	AKYG587
prok_asv12264	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv12265	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	Desulfocapsaceae uc
prok_asv12266	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv12267	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Staphylococcales	Gemellaceae	Gemella
prok_asv12268	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerae uc	Phycisphaerae uc	Phycisphaerae uc
prok_asv12269	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv12270	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv12271	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv12272	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv12273	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	PS1	PS1 uc
prok_asv12274	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv12275	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
prok_asv12276	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv12277	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
prok_asv12278	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Erwiniaceae	Pantoea
prok_asv12279	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv12280	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv12281	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv12282	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv12283	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv12284	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12285	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv12286	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv12287	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv12288	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Pedosphaerales	Pedosphaeraceae	Pedosphaeraceae uc
prok_asv12290	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv12291	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Allofrancisella
prok_asv12292	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv12293	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv12295	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12296	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv12297	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv12298	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12300	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Aestuariibacter
prok_asv12301	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriales uc	Sphingobacteriales uc
prok_asv12302	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	Kiritimatiellales	Kiritimatiellaceae	R76-B128
prok_asv12303	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
prok_asv12304	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv12305	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12306	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	NS11-12	NS11-12 uc
prok_asv12307	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv12308	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
prok_asv12310	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv12311	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
prok_asv12312	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiohalorhabdales	Thiohalorhabdaceae	Thiohalorhabdaceae uc
prok_asv12313	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv12314	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Ekhidna
prok_asv12315	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv12316	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv12317	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv12318	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacteraceae	Vicinamibacteraceae uc
prok_asv12319	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv12320	Bacteria	Myxococcota	bacteriap25	bacteriap25 uc	bacteriap25 uc	bacteriap25 uc
prok_asv12321	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv12322	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Ekhidna
prok_asv12324	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv12325	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv12326	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv12327	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv12328	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	AT-s3-28	AT-s3-28 uc	AT-s3-28 uc	AT-s3-28 uc
prok_asv12329	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv12330	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv12331	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv12332	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv12333	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv12334	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
prok_asv12335	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv12336	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	JTB23	JTB23 uc	JTB23 uc
prok_asv12337	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv12338	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Algibacter
prok_asv12339	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus
prok_asv12340	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv12341	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Polymorphobacter
prok_asv12342	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv12343	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv12344	Bacteria	Zixibacteria	Zixibacteria uc	Zixibacteria uc	Zixibacteria uc	Zixibacteria uc
prok_asv12345	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv12346	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv12347	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv12348	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv12349	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv12350	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc
prok_asv12352	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Tenacibaculum
prok_asv12353	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
prok_asv12355	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv12356	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv12358	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv12359	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv12360	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv12361	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ascidiaceihabitans
prok_asv12362	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv12363	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv12364	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv12365	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv12366	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv12367	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	NS11-12	NS11-12 uc
prok_asv12368	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv12369	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv12370	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv12371	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv12372	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12373	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv12374	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv12375	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Reyranellales	Reyranellaceae	Reyranella
prok_asv12376	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv12377	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv12378	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv12379	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv12380	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv12381	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	SEEP-SRB1
prok_asv12382	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv12383	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	Kiritimatiellales	Kiritimatiellaceae	MSBL3
prok_asv12384	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv12385	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerae uc	Phycisphaerae uc	Phycisphaerae uc
prok_asv12386	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma
prok_asv12387	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv12388	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
prok_asv12389	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
prok_asv12390	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Tenderiales	Tenderiaceae	Cand_Tenderia
prok_asv12392	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv12393	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Brumimicrobium
prok_asv12394	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv12395	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
prok_asv12397	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12398	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv12401	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv12402	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv12403	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Salinisphaerales	Solimonadaceae	Nevskia
prok_asv12404	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
prok_asv12405	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Thalassotalea
prok_asv12406	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
prok_asv12407	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
prok_asv12408	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv12409	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12410	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Psychroserpens
prok_asv12411	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv12412	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv12413	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv12415	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv12416	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv12417	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
prok_asv12418	Bacteria	Nitrospirota	Nitrospiria	Nitrospirales	Nitrospiraceae	Nitrospira
prok_asv12419	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
prok_asv12420	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv12421	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv12422	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12423	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Tenacibaculum
prok_asv12424	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv12425	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
prok_asv12427	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maritimimonas
prok_asv12428	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
prok_asv12429	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv12430	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oleiphilaceae	Oleiphilus
prok_asv12431	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12432	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
prok_asv12433	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystis
prok_asv12434	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv12435	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv12436	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
prok_asv12437	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv12438	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv12440	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv12441	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv12442	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv12443	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfobulbaceae	Desulfobulbus
prok_asv12444	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	NS11-12	NS11-12 uc
prok_asv12446	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
prok_asv12447	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12448	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Mesorhizobium
prok_asv12449	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv12450	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12451	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv12452	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv12453	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv12454	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv12455	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12457	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
prok_asv12458	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_26	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc
prok_asv12459	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv12460	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniella
prok_asv12461	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv12462	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
prok_asv12463	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv12464	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Subgroup_17	Subgroup_17 uc	Subgroup_17 uc
prok_asv12465	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv12466	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv12467	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv12468	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv12469	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Pelagibius
prok_asv12470	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Ardenticatenales	Ardenticatenales uc	Ardenticatenales uc
prok_asv12471	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv12472	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
prok_asv12473	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
prok_asv12474	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv12475	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Ilumatobacteraceae	Ilumatobacter
prok_asv12476	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv12477	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Fulvivirga
prok_asv12478	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12479	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Hyphomicrobiaceae	Hyphomicrobium
prok_asv12480	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv12481	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv12482	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12483	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv12484	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv12485	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv12487	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella
prok_asv12488	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Rhodanobacteraceae	Rhodanobacter
prok_asv12489	Bacteria	FCPU426	FCPU426 uc	FCPU426 uc	FCPU426 uc	FCPU426 uc
prok_asv12490	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv12491	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv12492	Bacteria	AncK6	AncK6 uc	AncK6 uc	AncK6 uc	AncK6 uc
prok_asv12493	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv12494	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv12495	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv12496	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv12497	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
prok_asv12498	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv12499	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiales	Chlamydiales uc	Chlamydiales uc
prok_asv12500	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv12501	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	ABY1	ABY1 uc	ABY1 uc	ABY1 uc
prok_asv12502	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv12503	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv12504	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Pelagibius
prok_asv12505	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc
prok_asv12506	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystis
prok_asv12507	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv12508	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv12509	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Nocardioides
prok_asv12511	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv12512	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidetes_VC2.1_Bac22	Bacteroidetes_VC2.1_Bac22 uc	Bacteroidetes_VC2.1_Bac22 uc
prok_asv12513	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv12514	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv12515	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv12516	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv12517	Bacteria	Elusimicrobiota	Lineage_IIc	Lineage_IIc uc	Lineage_IIc uc	Lineage_IIc uc
prok_asv12518	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv12519	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	SCGC_AAA011-D5	SCGC_AAA011-D5 uc
prok_asv12520	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12521	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv12522	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
prok_asv12523	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv12524	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales-Selenomonadales	Sporomusaceae	Anaerospora
prok_asv12525	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Cnuella
prok_asv12526	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv12527	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv12528	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
prok_asv12529	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Spirosomaceae	Dyadobacter
prok_asv12530	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrososphaerales	Nitrososphaeraceae	Cand_Nitrocosmicus
prok_asv12531	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv12532	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv12533	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Acetobacterales	Acetobacteraceae	Rubritepida
prok_asv12534	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv12535	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv12536	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv12537	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	Bdellovibrio
prok_asv12538	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidia uc	Dehalococcoidia uc	Dehalococcoidia uc
prok_asv12539	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv12540	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv12541	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv12542	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfolunaceae	Desulfofrigus
prok_asv12543	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv12544	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv12545	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
prok_asv12546	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv12547	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
prok_asv12548	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv12549	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv12550	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv12551	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Castellaniella
prok_asv12552	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Comamonadaceae uc
prok_asv12553	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc
prok_asv12554	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv12555	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Fangia
prok_asv12556	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
prok_asv12557	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv12558	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv12559	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv12560	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv12561	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Pasteurellaceae uc
prok_asv12562	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	S25-593	S25-593 uc
prok_asv12563	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospirales uc	Ectothiorhodospirales uc
prok_asv12564	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Beutenbergiaceae	Beutenbergiaceae uc
prok_asv12565	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_5	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc
prok_asv12566	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv12567	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv12568	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Nocardioides
prok_asv12569	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Lentibacter
prok_asv12570	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv12571	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv12572	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv12573	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv12575	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv12576	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
prok_asv12578	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv12579	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidetes_VC2.1_Bac22	Bacteroidetes_VC2.1_Bac22 uc	Bacteroidetes_VC2.1_Bac22 uc
prok_asv12580	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv12581	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv12582	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv12583	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Bathyarchaeia	Bathyarchaeia uc	Bathyarchaeia uc	Bathyarchaeia uc
prok_asv12584	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	AqS1
prok_asv12585	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	SCGC_AAA011-D5	SCGC_AAA011-D5 uc
prok_asv12586	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Ardenticatenales	Ardenticatenales uc	Ardenticatenales uc
prok_asv12587	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
prok_asv12588	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12589	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Subgroup_17	Subgroup_17 uc	Subgroup_17 uc
prok_asv12590	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv12591	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv12592	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
prok_asv12593	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
prok_asv12594	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv12595	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv12596	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	MBMPE27	MBMPE27 uc	MBMPE27 uc
prok_asv12597	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv12598	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv12599	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv12600	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv12601	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv12602	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Spirosomaceae	Spirosoma
prok_asv12603	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Planctomicrobium
prok_asv12604	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv12605	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv12606	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv12607	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv12608	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv12609	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12610	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
prok_asv12611	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc
prok_asv12612	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv12613	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
prok_asv12614	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv12615	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv12616	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Woodsholea
prok_asv12617	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
prok_asv12618	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv12619	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv12620	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
prok_asv12621	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv12622	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
prok_asv12623	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Sediminibacter
prok_asv12624	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv12625	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12626	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Neptunomonas
prok_asv12627	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SS1-B-07-19	SS1-B-07-19 uc	SS1-B-07-19 uc
prok_asv12628	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv12629	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	PS1	PS1 uc
prok_asv12630	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12631	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
prok_asv12632	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv12633	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv12635	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv12636	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv12638	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	CHAB-XI-27	CHAB-XI-27 uc	CHAB-XI-27 uc
prok_asv12639	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv12640	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv12641	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12642	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv12643	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv12644	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv12645	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Peptoclostridium
prok_asv12646	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv12647	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv12648	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
prok_asv12649	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv12650	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
prok_asv12651	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv12652	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc	Lentisphaeria uc
prok_asv12653	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Psychromonadaceae	Psychromonas
prok_asv12654	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv12655	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	NS11-12	NS11-12 uc
prok_asv12656	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
prok_asv12657	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfobulbales uc	Desulfobulbales uc
prok_asv12658	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
prok_asv12659	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
prok_asv12660	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rubripirellula
prok_asv12661	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv12662	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquibacter
prok_asv12663	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv12664	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
prok_asv12666	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Paracaedibacterales	Paracaedibacteraceae	Paracaedibacteraceae uc
prok_asv12667	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	ABY1	Cand_Kerfeldbacteria	Cand_Kerfeldbacteria uc	Cand_Kerfeldbacteria uc
prok_asv12668	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv12669	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv12670	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12671	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinifilaceae	Marinifilum
prok_asv12672	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv12673	Bacteria	Zixibacteria	Zixibacteria uc	Zixibacteria uc	Zixibacteria uc	Zixibacteria uc
prok_asv12674	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv12675	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv12676	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv12677	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv12678	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv12679	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv12680	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv12682	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv12683	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Holosporales	Holosporaceae	Cand_Paraholospora
prok_asv12684	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Algibacter
prok_asv12685	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv12686	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquibacter
prok_asv12687	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Rhodanobacteraceae	Rhodanobacteraceae uc
prok_asv12688	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv12689	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv12690	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Ekhidna
prok_asv12691	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv12692	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium
prok_asv12693	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Altererythrobacter
prok_asv12694	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Romboutsia
prok_asv12695	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Rhodopseudomonas
prok_asv12696	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv12698	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv12699	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SM23-30	SM23-30 uc
prok_asv12700	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv12701	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
prok_asv12702	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv12703	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv12704	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv12705	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv12706	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv12707	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv12708	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
prok_asv12709	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv12710	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	SBR1031	SBR1031 uc	SBR1031 uc
prok_asv12711	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv12712	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv12713	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv12714	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv12715	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	SM2D12	SM2D12 uc
prok_asv12716	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv12717	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EV818SWSAP88	EV818SWSAP88 uc	EV818SWSAP88 uc
prok_asv12718	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Finegoldia
prok_asv12719	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Subsaxibacter
prok_asv12720	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Planctomicrobium
prok_asv12721	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv12722	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv12723	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Dasania
prok_asv12724	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Ezakiella
prok_asv12725	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Tepidisphaerales	WD2101_soil_group	WD2101_soil_group uc
prok_asv12726	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	MND1
prok_asv12727	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
prok_asv12728	Bacteria	Myxococcota	bacteriap25	bacteriap25 uc	bacteriap25 uc	bacteriap25 uc
prok_asv12729	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
prok_asv12730	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
prok_asv12731	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv12732	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv12733	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
prok_asv12734	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv12735	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
prok_asv12736	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12737	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Acidobacteriae	Subgroup_13	Subgroup_13 uc	Subgroup_13 uc
prok_asv12738	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Luteolibacter
prok_asv12739	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
prok_asv12740	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv12741	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv12742	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv12743	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv12744	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv12745	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv12746	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv12747	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv12748	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
prok_asv12749	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv12751	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv12752	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rubellimicrobium
prok_asv12753	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Yoonia-Loktanella
prok_asv12754	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv12755	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Amphritea
prok_asv12756	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Actinobacillus
prok_asv12757	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv12758	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv12759	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	koll11	koll11 uc
prok_asv12760	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	Desulfocapsaceae uc
prok_asv12761	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Portibacter
prok_asv12762	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv12763	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Lysinibacillus
prok_asv12764	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	Sva0081_sediment_group
prok_asv12766	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv12767	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Cellulomonadaceae	Cellulomonas
prok_asv12768	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
prok_asv12769	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv12770	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv12771	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12772	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_26	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc
prok_asv12773	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12774	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv12775	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
prok_asv12776	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinifilaceae	Marinifilum
prok_asv12777	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriales uc	Corynebacteriales uc
prok_asv12778	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv12779	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv12780	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv12781	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv12782	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv12783	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
prok_asv12784	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv12785	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv12786	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv12787	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv12789	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	ABY1	Cand_Magasanikbacteria	Cand_Magasanikbacteria uc	Cand_Magasanikbacteria uc
prok_asv12790	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv12791	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv12792	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv12793	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv12794	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv12795	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
prok_asv12796	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Arcticiflavibacter
prok_asv12797	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv12798	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv12799	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv12800	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv12801	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Octadecabacter
prok_asv12802	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
prok_asv12803	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv12804	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv12805	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv12806	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv12807	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv12808	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv12809	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv12810	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv12811	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	053A03-B-DI-P58	053A03-B-DI-P58 uc	053A03-B-DI-P58 uc
prok_asv12812	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv12813	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Temperatibacteraceae	Temperatibacter
prok_asv12814	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Ardenticatenales	Ardenticatenales uc	Ardenticatenales uc
prok_asv12815	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv12816	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv12817	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv12818	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv12819	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv12820	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv12821	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Fuerstia
prok_asv12822	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv12823	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Mucilaginibacter
prok_asv12824	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
prok_asv12825	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv12826	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12827	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thiomicrospiraceae	endosymbionts
prok_asv12828	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv12829	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
prok_asv12830	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12831	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv12832	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv12834	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
prok_asv12835	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv12836	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv12838	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma
prok_asv12839	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomicaceae uc
prok_asv12840	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
prok_asv12841	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv12842	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv12844	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv12845	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisella
prok_asv12846	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv12847	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Pelagicoccus
prok_asv12848	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv12849	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_21	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc
prok_asv12850	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv12851	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv12852	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv12853	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv12854	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv12855	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv12856	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	PS1	PS1 uc
prok_asv12857	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
prok_asv12858	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv12859	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv12860	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv12861	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12862	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc
prok_asv12863	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv12864	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12865	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv12866	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv12867	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	YC-ZSS-LKJ63
prok_asv12868	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
prok_asv12869	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Moraxella
prok_asv12870	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangia uc	Polyangia uc	Polyangia uc
prok_asv12871	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
prok_asv12872	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
prok_asv12873	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv12874	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv12875	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Cognatiyoonia
prok_asv12876	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Brevibacteriaceae	Brevibacterium
prok_asv12877	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Heliimonas
prok_asv12879	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv12880	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv12881	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Acetobacterales	Acetobacteraceae	Acidiphilium
prok_asv12882	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv12883	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfobacterales uc	Desulfobacterales uc
prok_asv12884	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv12885	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Spirosomaceae	Taeseokella
prok_asv12886	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv12887	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Ilumatobacteraceae	CL500-29
prok_asv12888	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv12889	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv12891	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv12892	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv12893	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	JGI_0000069-P22	JGI_0000069-P22 uc	JGI_0000069-P22 uc
prok_asv12894	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv12895	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	1174-901-12
prok_asv12896	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
prok_asv12897	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv12898	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Bathyarchaeia	Bathyarchaeia uc	Bathyarchaeia uc	Bathyarchaeia uc
prok_asv12899	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
prok_asv12900	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	028H05-P-BN-P5	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc
prok_asv12901	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Subgroup_9	Subgroup_9 uc	Subgroup_9 uc
prok_asv12902	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv12903	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv12904	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
prok_asv12905	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv12906	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc	PAUC43f_marine_benthic_group uc
prok_asv12907	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv12908	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
prok_asv12909	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
prok_asv12910	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv12911	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Granulosicoccales	Granulosicoccales uc	Granulosicoccales uc
prok_asv12912	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
prok_asv12913	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	SCGC_AAA011-D5	SCGC_AAA011-D5 uc
prok_asv12914	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv12915	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv12916	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv12917	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv12918	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
prok_asv12919	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	CHAB-XI-27	CHAB-XI-27 uc	CHAB-XI-27 uc
prok_asv12920	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv12921	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Haliangiales	Haliangiaceae	Haliangium
prok_asv12922	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
prok_asv12924	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Dermabacteraceae	Dermabacter
prok_asv12925	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Ilumatobacteraceae	Ilumatobacteraceae uc
prok_asv12926	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Vermiphilaceae	Vermiphilaceae uc
prok_asv12927	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Altererythrobacter
prok_asv12929	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Perspicuibacter
prok_asv12930	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Eel-36e1D6	Eel-36e1D6 uc
prok_asv12931	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv12932	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv12933	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv12934	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv12935	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Pasteurellaceae uc
prok_asv12936	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv12938	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv12939	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	P13-46	P13-46 uc
prok_asv12940	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Haemophilus
prok_asv12941	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_5	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc
prok_asv12942	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv12943	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
prok_asv12944	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv12945	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv12946	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Psychroserpens
prok_asv12947	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Rhodospirillaceae uc
prok_asv12948	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv12949	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv12951	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv12952	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12953	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	Cand_Peregrinibacteria	Cand_Peregrinibacteria uc	Cand_Peregrinibacteria uc
prok_asv12954	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv12955	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv12956	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavicella
prok_asv12957	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv12958	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	BIrii41	BIrii41 uc
prok_asv12959	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
prok_asv12960	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	Kiritimatiellales	Kiritimatiellaceae	R76-B128
prok_asv12961	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Haliangiales	Haliangiaceae	Haliangium
prok_asv12962	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Pedosphaerales	Pedosphaeraceae	SCGC_AAA164-E04
prok_asv12963	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12964	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv12965	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
prok_asv12966	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv12967	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv12968	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Salegentibacter
prok_asv12969	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
prok_asv12970	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasmataceae uc
prok_asv12971	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	028H05-P-BN-P5	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc
prok_asv12972	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Alloprevotella
prok_asv12974	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
prok_asv12975	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv12976	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	053A03-B-DI-P58	053A03-B-DI-P58 uc	053A03-B-DI-P58 uc
prok_asv12977	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv12978	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv12979	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv12980	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
prok_asv12981	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Hymenobacteraceae	Hymenobacter
prok_asv12982	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv12983	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Polyangiales uc	Polyangiales uc
prok_asv12984	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv12985	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
prok_asv12986	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Methylococcales	Methylomonadaceae	Marine_Methylotrophic_Group_2
prok_asv12987	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillales uc	Oceanospirillales uc
prok_asv12988	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv12989	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacteriaceae uc
prok_asv12990	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	DSSD61
prok_asv12991	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Cetobacterium
prok_asv12992	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv12994	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv12995	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Thiomonas
prok_asv12996	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Massilia
prok_asv12997	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv12998	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	P2-11E	P2-11E uc	P2-11E uc	P2-11E uc
prok_asv13000	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13001	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv13003	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv13004	Bacteria	Sumerlaeota	Sumerlaeia	Sumerlaeia uc	Sumerlaeia uc	Sumerlaeia uc
prok_asv13005	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
prok_asv13006	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv13007	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv13008	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv13009	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13010	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13011	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv13012	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv13013	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv13014	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv13015	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Neisseriaceae	Neisseriaceae uc
prok_asv13016	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
prok_asv13017	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv13018	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv13019	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv13020	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Chthoniobacterales	Chthoniobacteraceae	Chthoniobacter
prok_asv13021	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv13022	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv13023	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Luteolibacter
prok_asv13024	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv13025	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv13026	Bacteria	Schekmanbacteria	Schekmanbacteria uc	Schekmanbacteria uc	Schekmanbacteria uc	Schekmanbacteria uc
prok_asv13027	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Haloferula
prok_asv13028	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingorhabdus
prok_asv13029	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv13030	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cytophagaceae	Rhodocytophaga
prok_asv13031	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
prok_asv13032	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacteria	Latescibacterales	Latescibacteraceae	Latescibacteraceae uc
prok_asv13033	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maritimimonas
prok_asv13034	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	KD4-96	KD4-96 uc	KD4-96 uc	KD4-96 uc
prok_asv13035	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Desulfuromonadia uc	Desulfuromonadia uc	Desulfuromonadia uc
prok_asv13036	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv13037	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv13038	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Fusibacteraceae	Fusibacter
prok_asv13039	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Immundisolibacterales	Immundisolibacteraceae	Immundisolibacteraceae uc
prok_asv13041	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv13042	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Rheinheimera
prok_asv13043	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Dietziaceae	Dietzia
prok_asv13044	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv13045	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv13046	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv13047	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv13048	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
prok_asv13049	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv13050	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae	Carnobacterium
prok_asv13051	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv13052	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	SEEP-SRB4
prok_asv13053	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiella
prok_asv13054	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc	Chloroflexi uc
prok_asv13055	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13056	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv13057	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv13058	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS7	NS7 uc
prok_asv13059	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Amoebophilaceae	Amoebophilaceae uc
prok_asv13060	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv13061	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv13062	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv13063	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv13064	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Portibacter
prok_asv13065	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
prok_asv13066	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv13067	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	Desulfopila
prok_asv13068	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv13069	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13070	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv13071	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
prok_asv13072	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13074	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiohalorhabdales	Thiohalorhabdaceae	Thiohalorhabdaceae uc
prok_asv13075	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv13076	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
prok_asv13077	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv13079	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv13080	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv13081	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv13082	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv13083	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	SCGC_AAA011-D5	SCGC_AAA011-D5 uc
prok_asv13084	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
prok_asv13085	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Vermiphilaceae	Vermiphilaceae uc
prok_asv13086	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadaceae	Kordiimonas
prok_asv13087	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv13088	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
prok_asv13089	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv13090	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadaceae	Kordiimonas
prok_asv13091	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv13092	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv13093	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv13094	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv13095	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HOC36	HOC36 uc	HOC36 uc
prok_asv13096	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv13097	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13098	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
prok_asv13099	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv13100	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Marmoricola
prok_asv13101	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13102	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv13103	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	4572-13	4572-13 uc
prok_asv13104	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv13105	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv13106	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv13107	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv13108	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Sediminibacterium
prok_asv13109	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv13110	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv13111	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv13112	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Kangiellaceae uc
prok_asv13113	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Nocardiaceae uc
prok_asv13114	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	PRD18C08	PRD18C08 uc
prok_asv13115	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv13116	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv13117	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv13118	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13119	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13120	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13121	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv13122	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospinaceae uc
prok_asv13123	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
prok_asv13124	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13125	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Dasania
prok_asv13126	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13127	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Paucibacter
prok_asv13128	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cytophagaceae	Cytophaga
prok_asv13130	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	37-13	37-13 uc
prok_asv13132	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13133	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Cetobacterium
prok_asv13134	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Portibacter
prok_asv13135	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
prok_asv13136	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13137	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv13138	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv13139	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv13140	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv13141	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
prok_asv13142	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
prok_asv13143	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv13144	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfatiglandales	Desulfatiglandaceae	Desulfatiglans
prok_asv13145	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
prok_asv13146	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
prok_asv13147	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Hyphomicrobiaceae	Hyphomicrobium
prok_asv13148	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv13149	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Sva1033	Sva1033 uc	Sva1033 uc
prok_asv13150	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv13151	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
prok_asv13152	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Acidobacteriae	PAUC26f	PAUC26f uc	PAUC26f uc
prok_asv13153	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv13154	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	P.palmC41	P.palmC41 uc	P.palmC41 uc
prok_asv13155	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13156	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv13157	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv13158	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Cerasicoccus
prok_asv13159	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv13160	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
prok_asv13161	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiohalorhabdales	Thiohalorhabdaceae	Thiohalorhabdaceae uc
prok_asv13162	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv13163	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methyloligellaceae	Methyloligellaceae uc
prok_asv13164	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13165	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13166	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Yersiniaceae	Yersinia
prok_asv13167	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
prok_asv13168	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13169	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Marine_Benthic_Group_A	Marine_Benthic_Group_A uc	Marine_Benthic_Group_A uc
prok_asv13170	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv13171	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Saccharospirillaceae uc
prok_asv13172	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Acetobacterales	Acetobacteraceae	Roseomonas
prok_asv13173	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv13174	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv13175	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv13176	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv13177	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	028H05-P-BN-P5	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc
prok_asv13178	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv13179	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
prok_asv13180	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13181	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv13182	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Acidobacteriae	PAUC26f	PAUC26f uc	PAUC26f uc
prok_asv13183	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
prok_asv13184	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv13185	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Chitinophagaceae uc
prok_asv13186	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	PS1	PS1 uc
prok_asv13187	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
prok_asv13189	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv13190	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv13191	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13192	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv13193	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv13194	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv13195	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	Thioglobaceae uc
prok_asv13196	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Ignavibacteria	Ignavibacteriales	PHOS-HE36	PHOS-HE36 uc
prok_asv13197	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
prok_asv13198	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13199	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13200	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Paludibacteraceae	F0058
prok_asv13201	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv13202	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinifilaceae	Marinifilaceae uc
prok_asv13203	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
prok_asv13204	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	S085	S085 uc	S085 uc
prok_asv13205	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_5	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc
prok_asv13206	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv13207	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13208	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv13209	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv13210	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Haliangiales	Haliangiaceae	Haliangium
prok_asv13211	Bacteria	Deinococcota	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Deinococcaceae	Deinococcus
prok_asv13212	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv13213	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv13214	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
prok_asv13216	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Azospirillales	Azospirillaceae	Skermanella
prok_asv13217	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
prok_asv13218	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maritimimonas
prok_asv13219	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv13220	Bacteria	Fusobacteriota	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Fusobacterium
prok_asv13221	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv13222	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv13223	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv13224	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv13225	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv13226	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv13227	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13228	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sedimentitalea
prok_asv13229	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13230	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
prok_asv13232	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EV818SWSAP88	EV818SWSAP88 uc	EV818SWSAP88 uc
prok_asv13233	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv13234	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	Longimicrobia	Longimicrobiales	Longimicrobiaceae	YC-ZSS-LKJ147
prok_asv13235	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	Cand_Lariskella
prok_asv13236	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
prok_asv13237	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv13238	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv13239	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv13240	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv13241	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
prok_asv13242	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv13243	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13244	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv13245	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
prok_asv13246	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
prok_asv13247	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv13248	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv13249	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13250	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
prok_asv13251	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv13252	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv13253	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv13254	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv13255	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv13256	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Changchengzhania
prok_asv13257	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv13258	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv13259	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv13260	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv13261	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
prok_asv13262	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv13264	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv13265	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv13266	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv13267	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv13268	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv13269	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv13271	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv13272	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv13273	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv13274	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	JL-ETNP-F27
prok_asv13275	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv13276	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv13277	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Aurantimonas
prok_asv13278	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13279	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
prok_asv13280	Bacteria	Deinococcota	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Deinococcaceae	Deinococcus
prok_asv13281	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13282	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv13283	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv13284	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv13285	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv13286	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13287	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv13288	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv13289	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	CCM11a	CCM11a uc	CCM11a uc
prok_asv13290	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv13291	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
prok_asv13292	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv13293	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Isosphaerales	Isosphaeraceae	Singulisphaera
prok_asv13294	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv13295	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv13296	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13297	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv13299	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv13300	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomicaceae uc
prok_asv13301	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Aeromicrobium
prok_asv13302	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Cand_Photodesmus
prok_asv13303	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13304	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EC3	EC3 uc	EC3 uc
prok_asv13305	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
prok_asv13306	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Anaerococcus
prok_asv13307	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Litoreibacter
prok_asv13308	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseovarius
prok_asv13309	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv13310	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv13311	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv13312	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv13313	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
prok_asv13314	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv13315	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv13316	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv13318	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv13319	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv13320	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13321	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv13322	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Octadecabacter
prok_asv13323	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
prok_asv13324	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv13325	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv13326	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
prok_asv13327	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseovarius
prok_asv13328	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv13329	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophagaceae uc
prok_asv13330	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	FS140-16B-02
prok_asv13331	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Ruminococcaceae	Faecalibacterium
prok_asv13332	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv13333	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv13334	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv13335	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv13336	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv13337	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales_Incertae_Sedis	Anderseniella
prok_asv13338	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv13339	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	Methylotenera
prok_asv13340	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv13341	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	C1-B045
prok_asv13342	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv13343	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetes uc	Planctomycetes uc	Planctomycetes uc
prok_asv13344	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv13345	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaera
prok_asv13346	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv13347	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv13348	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv13349	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Stenotrophomonas
prok_asv13350	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv13351	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
prok_asv13352	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Devosiaceae	Maritalea
prok_asv13353	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystis
prok_asv13354	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13355	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingorhabdus
prok_asv13356	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv13357	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv13358	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv13359	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv13360	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv13361	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylobacterium-Methylorubrum
prok_asv13362	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv13363	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv13364	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
prok_asv13365	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
prok_asv13366	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv13367	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv13368	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13369	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Changchengzhania
prok_asv13370	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv13371	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
prok_asv13372	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv13373	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Amoebophilaceae	Amoebophilaceae uc
prok_asv13374	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv13376	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13377	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv13378	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Devosiaceae	Maritalea
prok_asv13379	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv13380	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Intrasporangiaceae	Intrasporangiaceae uc
prok_asv13381	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	S085	S085 uc	S085 uc
prok_asv13382	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	SEEP-SRB1
prok_asv13383	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv13384	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Pseudofulvibacter
prok_asv13385	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Saccharospirillaceae uc
prok_asv13386	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv13387	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13388	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv13390	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
prok_asv13391	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
prok_asv13392	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv13393	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
prok_asv13394	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv13395	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv13396	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
prok_asv13397	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Sandaracinaceae	Sandaracinaceae uc
prok_asv13398	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv13399	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13400	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerae uc	Phycisphaerae uc	Phycisphaerae uc
prok_asv13401	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv13402	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv13403	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	Puniceispirillales uc	Puniceispirillales uc
prok_asv13405	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv13406	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv13407	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv13408	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	AKYH767	AKYH767 uc
prok_asv13409	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv13410	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13411	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv13412	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv13413	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv13414	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv13415	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv13416	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv13417	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
prok_asv13418	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
prok_asv13420	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
prok_asv13423	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv13424	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13425	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
prok_asv13426	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv13427	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13428	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv13429	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13430	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv13432	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv13433	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv13435	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv13436	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv13437	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv13438	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Bergeyella
prok_asv13439	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Alloprevotella
prok_asv13440	Bacteria	Synergistota	Synergistia	Synergistales	Synergistaceae	Fretibacterium
prok_asv13441	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
prok_asv13442	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella
prok_asv13443	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv13444	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv13445	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv13446	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv13447	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillales uc	Bacillales uc
prok_asv13448	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13449	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Saccharospirillaceae uc
prok_asv13450	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv13451	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv13452	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv13453	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv13454	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Pseudonocardia
prok_asv13455	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv13456	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv13457	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
prok_asv13458	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Ignavibacteria	Ignavibacteriales	Melioribacteraceae	IheB3-7
prok_asv13459	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv13460	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv13461	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv13462	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv13463	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv13464	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
prok_asv13465	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv13466	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv13467	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv13468	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13469	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Christensenellales	Christensenellaceae	Christensenellaceae uc
prok_asv13470	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv13471	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv13472	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
prok_asv13473	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	Fokiniaceae uc
prok_asv13474	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv13475	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
prok_asv13476	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv13477	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13479	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
prok_asv13480	Bacteria	FCPU426	FCPU426 uc	FCPU426 uc	FCPU426 uc	FCPU426 uc
prok_asv13481	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv13482	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv13483	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Christensenellales	Christensenellaceae	Christensenellaceae_R-7_group
prok_asv13484	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	MB-A2-108	MB-A2-108 uc	MB-A2-108 uc	MB-A2-108 uc
prok_asv13485	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Luteolibacter
prok_asv13486	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv13487	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
prok_asv13488	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv13489	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Thalassobaculales uc	Thalassobaculales uc
prok_asv13490	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv13491	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv13492	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	YC-ZSS-LKJ63
prok_asv13493	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacteriaceae uc
prok_asv13494	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Peptoniphilus
prok_asv13495	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13496	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Parafilimonas
prok_asv13497	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv13498	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
prok_asv13499	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Terasakiellaceae	Terasakiellaceae uc
prok_asv13500	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv13501	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv13503	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Ferruginibacter
prok_asv13504	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv13505	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	AKAU3564_sediment_group	AKAU3564_sediment_group uc
prok_asv13506	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv13507	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Stenotrophomonas
prok_asv13508	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
prok_asv13509	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv13510	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Chromatiaceae	Chromatiaceae uc
prok_asv13511	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Pseudophaeobacter
prok_asv13513	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13514	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv13515	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13516	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv13517	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
prok_asv13518	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13519	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv13520	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv13521	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicellaceae uc
prok_asv13522	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	N9D0	N9D0 uc	N9D0 uc	N9D0 uc
prok_asv13523	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv13524	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv13525	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv13526	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv13527	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv13528	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Aerococcaceae	Facklamia
prok_asv13529	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
prok_asv13530	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Frankiales	Nakamurellaceae	Nakamurella
prok_asv13531	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Psychroglaciecola
prok_asv13533	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
prok_asv13534	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	HglApr721	HglApr721 uc	HglApr721 uc
prok_asv13535	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv13537	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv13538	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
prok_asv13539	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv13540	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Acetobacterales	Acetobacteraceae	Acidiphilium
prok_asv13541	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
prok_asv13542	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidetes_BD2-2	Bacteroidetes_BD2-2 uc
prok_asv13543	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	vadinHA49	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc
prok_asv13544	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
prok_asv13545	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
prok_asv13546	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv13547	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv13548	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
prok_asv13549	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv13550	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cytophagales uc	Cytophagales uc
prok_asv13551	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13552	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales-Selenomonadales	Veillonellaceae	Veillonella
prok_asv13553	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
prok_asv13554	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
prok_asv13555	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv13556	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Fangia
prok_asv13557	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
prok_asv13558	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv13559	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13560	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv13561	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SM23-30	SM23-30 uc
prok_asv13562	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	F9P41300-M23	F9P41300-M23 uc	F9P41300-M23 uc
prok_asv13563	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	Arctic95B-14	Arctic95B-14 uc
prok_asv13564	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	AT-s3-28	AT-s3-28 uc	AT-s3-28 uc	AT-s3-28 uc
prok_asv13565	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv13566	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv13567	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv13568	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv13569	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	vadinHA49	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc
prok_asv13570	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv13571	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv13572	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv13573	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccaceae	Defluviicoccus
prok_asv13574	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	AKAU3564_sediment_group	AKAU3564_sediment_group uc
prok_asv13575	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13577	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
prok_asv13578	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13579	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv13580	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13581	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacteria	Latescibacterales	Latescibacteraceae	Latescibacteraceae uc
prok_asv13582	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv13583	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv13584	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	Bdellovibrio
prok_asv13585	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv13586	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv13587	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Romboutsia
prok_asv13588	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13589	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
prok_asv13590	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Psychromonadaceae	Agarivorans
prok_asv13591	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv13592	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv13594	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv13595	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv13596	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv13597	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv13598	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Chitinophagaceae uc
prok_asv13599	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv13600	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Comamonadaceae uc
prok_asv13601	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinifilaceae	Odoribacter
prok_asv13602	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Vermiphilaceae	Vermiphilaceae uc
prok_asv13603	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella
prok_asv13604	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13605	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13606	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13607	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	MD2904-B13	MD2904-B13 uc	MD2904-B13 uc
prok_asv13608	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13609	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Gitt-GS-136	Gitt-GS-136 uc	Gitt-GS-136 uc	Gitt-GS-136 uc
prok_asv13611	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Gaiellales	Gaiellales uc	Gaiellales uc
prok_asv13612	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
prok_asv13613	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv13615	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophales uc	Omnitrophales uc
prok_asv13617	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv13618	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Bosea
prok_asv13619	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv13620	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	RF39	RF39 uc	RF39 uc
prok_asv13621	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maritimimonas
prok_asv13622	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv13623	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	Kiritimatiellales	Kiritimatiellaceae	R76-B128
prok_asv13624	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv13625	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv13626	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Xanthobacteraceae uc
prok_asv13627	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv13628	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv13629	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv13630	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13631	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Microtrichales	Microtrichaceae	Sva0996
prok_asv13632	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv13633	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv13634	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13635	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv13636	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	Bdellovibrio
prok_asv13637	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv13638	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13639	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Nitrosococcaceae	AqS1
prok_asv13640	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv13641	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv13642	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Portibacter
prok_asv13643	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv13644	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
prok_asv13645	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Tistrellales	Geminicoccaceae	Geminicoccaceae uc
prok_asv13646	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv13647	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
prok_asv13648	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv13649	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv13650	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv13651	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfobacteraceae	Desulfobacter
prok_asv13652	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13653	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Ferruginibacter
prok_asv13654	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Acetobacterales	Acetobacteraceae	Roseomonas
prok_asv13655	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
prok_asv13656	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Litorimonas
prok_asv13657	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
prok_asv13659	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Acetobacterales	Acetobacteraceae	Roseomonas
prok_asv13660	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13661	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Hyphomonadaceae uc
prok_asv13662	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv13663	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Polyangiales uc	Polyangiales uc
prok_asv13664	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
prok_asv13665	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Alcanivoracaceae1	Alcanivorax
prok_asv13666	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv13667	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13668	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv13669	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv13671	Bacteria	Myxococcota	bacteriap25	bacteriap25 uc	bacteriap25 uc	bacteriap25 uc
prok_asv13672	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv13673	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
prok_asv13674	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv13675	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Amoebophilaceae	Amoebophilaceae uc
prok_asv13676	Bacteria	Zixibacteria	Zixibacteria uc	Zixibacteria uc	Zixibacteria uc	Zixibacteria uc
prok_asv13677	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
prok_asv13678	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidetes_BD2-2	Bacteroidetes_BD2-2 uc
prok_asv13679	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Fangia
prok_asv13680	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv13681	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
prok_asv13682	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13683	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
prok_asv13684	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv13685	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv13686	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales_fa	Cand_Jidaibacter
prok_asv13687	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv13688	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv13689	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv13690	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv13691	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13692	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv13693	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv13694	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
prok_asv13695	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
prok_asv13696	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	PeM15	PeM15 uc	PeM15 uc
prok_asv13697	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv13698	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	Bdellovibrio
prok_asv13699	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Amoebophilaceae	Amoebophilaceae uc
prok_asv13700	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv13701	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Rhizorhapis
prok_asv13702	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv13703	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv13704	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
prok_asv13705	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv13706	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv13707	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Allorhizobium-Neorhizobium-Pararhizobium-Rhizobium
prok_asv13708	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13709	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
prok_asv13710	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv13711	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv13712	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv13714	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv13715	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv13716	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacteria	Latescibacterales	Latescibacteraceae	Latescibacteraceae uc
prok_asv13717	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv13718	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv13719	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv13720	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv13721	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv13722	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Sediminibacterium
prok_asv13723	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Parvimonas
prok_asv13724	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micromonosporales	Micromonosporaceae	Luedemannella
prok_asv13725	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv13726	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
prok_asv13727	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacteria	Latescibacterales	Latescibacteraceae	Latescibacteraceae uc
prok_asv13728	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionales uc	Cellvibrionales uc
prok_asv13729	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Tenacibaculum
prok_asv13730	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EC3	EC3 uc	EC3 uc
prok_asv13731	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv13732	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv13733	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma
prok_asv13734	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Vermiphilaceae	Vermiphilaceae uc
prok_asv13735	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv13736	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
prok_asv13737	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv13738	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Cryptoprodotis
prok_asv13739	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Paracaedibacterales	Paracaedibacteraceae	Cand_Paracaedibacter
prok_asv13740	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv13741	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv13742	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv13743	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
prok_asv13744	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
prok_asv13745	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Vampirivibrionia	Caenarcaniphilales	Caenarcaniphilales uc	Caenarcaniphilales uc
prok_asv13746	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv13747	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13748	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv13749	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv13750	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv13751	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv13752	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv13753	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Synechococcales	Cyanobiaceae	Synechococcus
prok_asv13754	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv13756	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv13757	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv13758	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv13759	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv13760	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
prok_asv13761	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13762	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	OM60(NOR5)
prok_asv13763	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv13764	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv13765	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv13766	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13767	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Lentibacter
prok_asv13768	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv13769	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiales uc	Burkholderiales uc
prok_asv13770	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv13771	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv13772	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Noviherbaspirillum
prok_asv13773	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv13774	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv13775	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13776	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13777	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv13778	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv13779	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv13780	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv13781	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv13782	Bacteria	MBNT15	MBNT15 uc	MBNT15 uc	MBNT15 uc	MBNT15 uc
prok_asv13783	Bacteria	Campilobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Sulfurimonadaceae	Sulfurimonas
prok_asv13785	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv13786	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
prok_asv13787	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
prok_asv13789	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv13790	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv13791	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
prok_asv13793	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Paracaedibacterales	Paracaedibacteraceae	Cand_Captivus
prok_asv13795	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13796	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13797	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Spirosomaceae	Spirosoma
prok_asv13798	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
prok_asv13799	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv13800	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv13801	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniellaceae uc
prok_asv13802	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13803	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	Parvibaculaceae	Tepidicaulis
prok_asv13804	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Holosporales	Holosporaceae	Cand_Gortzia
prok_asv13805	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Lentibacter
prok_asv13806	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13807	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv13808	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13809	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv13810	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacteria	Latescibacterales	Latescibacteraceae	Latescibacteraceae uc
prok_asv13811	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv13812	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Desulfuromonadia_or	Geothermobacteraceae	Geothermobacter
prok_asv13813	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Methylococcales	Cycloclasticaceae	Cycloclasticus
prok_asv13814	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	CCM11a	CCM11a uc	CCM11a uc
prok_asv13815	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Fusibacteraceae	Fusibacter
prok_asv13816	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv13817	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium
prok_asv13818	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13819	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
prok_asv13820	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SM23-30	SM23-30 uc
prok_asv13821	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv13822	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv13823	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidetes_VC2.1_Bac22	Bacteroidetes_VC2.1_Bac22 uc	Bacteroidetes_VC2.1_Bac22 uc
prok_asv13824	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
prok_asv13825	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv13827	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv13828	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
prok_asv13829	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
prok_asv13830	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv13831	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv13832	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sedimentitalea
prok_asv13833	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv13834	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv13835	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv13836	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv13837	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv13838	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv13839	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv13840	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv13841	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Entomoplasmatales	Entomoplasmatales_Incertae_Sedis	Cand_Hepatoplasma
prok_asv13842	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv13843	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv13844	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv13845	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Holosporales	Holosporaceae	Holosporaceae uc
prok_asv13846	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv13847	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv13848	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidales uc	Bacteroidales uc
prok_asv13849	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	053A03-B-DI-P58	053A03-B-DI-P58 uc	053A03-B-DI-P58 uc
prok_asv13850	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv13851	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacterales uc	Caulobacterales uc
prok_asv13852	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Mycetocola
prok_asv13853	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13854	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Romboutsia
prok_asv13855	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella
prok_asv13856	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
prok_asv13857	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
prok_asv13858	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv13859	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Christensenellales	Christensenellaceae	Christensenellaceae_R-7_group
prok_asv13860	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Sandaracinaceae	Sandaracinaceae uc
prok_asv13861	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13862	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv13863	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv13864	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Holosporales	Holosporaceae	Cand_Gortzia
prok_asv13865	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv13866	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Paracaedibacterales	Paracaedibacteraceae	Paracaedibacteraceae uc
prok_asv13867	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv13868	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv13869	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv13870	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13871	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
prok_asv13872	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
prok_asv13873	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv13874	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Halobacteriovorax
prok_asv13875	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv13876	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
prok_asv13877	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
prok_asv13878	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv13879	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv13880	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Saccharimonadia	Saccharimonadales	Saccharimonadaceae	GTL1
prok_asv13881	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Galbitalea
prok_asv13882	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella
prok_asv13883	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv13884	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
prok_asv13885	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv13886	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
prok_asv13887	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv13888	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13889	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv13890	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Litorimonas
prok_asv13891	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv13892	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Tenacibaculum
prok_asv13893	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv13894	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
prok_asv13895	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv13896	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma
prok_asv13897	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv13898	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv13899	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina
prok_asv13900	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv13901	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	IMCC26256	IMCC26256 uc	IMCC26256 uc
prok_asv13902	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
prok_asv13903	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv13904	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus
prok_asv13905	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv13906	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Anaplasmataceae	Cand_Xenolissoclinum
prok_asv13908	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrososphaerales	Nitrososphaeraceae	Cand_Nitrososphaera
prok_asv13909	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv13910	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Fenollaria
prok_asv13911	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv13912	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prolixibacteraceae	Draconibacterium
prok_asv13913	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionaceae	Micavibrionaceae uc
prok_asv13914	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SM23-30	SM23-30 uc
prok_asv13915	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Vampirivibrionia	Obscuribacterales	Obscuribacteraceae	Cand_Obscuribacter
prok_asv13916	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv13917	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv13918	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
prok_asv13919	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
prok_asv13920	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13921	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Opitutaceae	Opitutaceae uc
prok_asv13922	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv13923	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv13924	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Dermacoccaceae	Allobranchiibius
prok_asv13925	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	P9X2b3D02	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc	P9X2b3D02 uc
prok_asv13926	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
prok_asv13927	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella
prok_asv13928	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv13929	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	AKAU3564_sediment_group	AKAU3564_sediment_group uc
prok_asv13930	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv13931	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Acetobacterales	Acetobacteraceae	Acidiphilium
prok_asv13932	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Acidobacteriae	Acidobacteriales	Koribacteraceae	Cand_Koribacter
prok_asv13933	Bacteria	WS1	WS1 uc	WS1 uc	WS1 uc	WS1 uc
prok_asv13934	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv13935	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv13936	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Ignavibacteria	Ignavibacteriales	PHOS-HE36	PHOS-HE36 uc
prok_asv13937	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinilabiliaceae	Marinilabiliaceae uc
prok_asv13938	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv13939	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv13940	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv13941	Bacteria	Deinococcota	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Trueperaceae	Truepera
prok_asv13942	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	vadinHA49	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc
prok_asv13943	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
prok_asv13944	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
prok_asv13945	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv13946	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv13947	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13948	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	PRD18C08	PRD18C08 uc
prok_asv13949	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv13950	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Diplorickettsiales	Diplorickettsiaceae	Diplorickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv13951	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv13952	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maritimimonas
prok_asv13953	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
prok_asv13954	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	NS11-12	NS11-12 uc
prok_asv13955	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv13956	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv13957	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
prok_asv13958	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Anaerovoracaceae	Anaerovoracaceae uc
prok_asv13959	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv13960	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv13961	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
prok_asv13962	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Anaerococcus
prok_asv13963	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv13964	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Sedimenticolaceae	Sedimenticolaceae uc
prok_asv13965	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv13966	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv13967	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Hymenobacteraceae	Hymenobacter
prok_asv13968	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv13969	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv13970	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv13971	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
prok_asv13972	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcales uc	Myxococcales uc
prok_asv13973	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales_Incertae_Sedis	Anderseniella
prok_asv13974	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv13975	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv13976	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Amoebophilaceae	Amoebophilaceae uc
prok_asv13977	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
prok_asv13978	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv13979	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv13980	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
prok_asv13981	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	CCM11a	CCM11a uc	CCM11a uc
prok_asv13982	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv13983	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Gitt-GS-136	Gitt-GS-136 uc	Gitt-GS-136 uc	Gitt-GS-136 uc
prok_asv13984	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Nitrosomonadaceae	Nitrosomonas
prok_asv13986	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv13987	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	TK17	TK17 uc	TK17 uc	TK17 uc
prok_asv13988	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	AT-s2-59	AT-s2-59 uc	AT-s2-59 uc
prok_asv13989	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Gordonia
prok_asv13990	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium
prok_asv13991	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Eudoraea
prok_asv13992	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv13993	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	BD2-3	BD2-3 uc
prok_asv13994	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv13995	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Sediminispirochaeta
prok_asv13996	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Acetobacterales	Acetobacteraceae	Rubritepida
prok_asv13997	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv13998	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv13999	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Pelagicoccus
prok_asv14000	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14001	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv14002	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Ruminococcaceae	Subdoligranulum
prok_asv14003	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
prok_asv14004	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv14005	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv14006	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv14007	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv14008	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella
prok_asv14009	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv14010	Bacteria	Fibrobacterota	Fibrobacteria	Fibrobacterales	Fibrobacteraceae	Fibrobacteraceae uc
prok_asv14011	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv14012	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	Desulfosarcinaceae uc
prok_asv14013	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv14014	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv14015	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_21	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc
prok_asv14016	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Gaiellales	Gaiellales uc	Gaiellales uc
prok_asv14017	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv14018	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Gimesiaceae	Gimesiaceae uc
prok_asv14019	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Brevibacteriaceae	Brevibacterium
prok_asv14020	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv14021	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Leptospirae	Leptospirales	Leptospiraceae	Turneriella
prok_asv14022	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
prok_asv14023	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium_sensu_stricto_1
prok_asv14024	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv14025	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv14027	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
prok_asv14028	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	AKYH767	AKYH767 uc
prok_asv14029	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Fangia
prok_asv14030	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv14031	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	SCGC_AAA011-D5	SCGC_AAA011-D5 uc
prok_asv14032	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14033	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv14034	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv14035	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridia_UCG-014	Clostridia_UCG-014 uc	Clostridia_UCG-014 uc
prok_asv14036	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
prok_asv14037	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Acidobacteriae	Acidobacteriales	Acidobacteriaceae_(Subgroup_1)	Edaphobacter
prok_asv14038	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella
prok_asv14039	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus
prok_asv14040	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv14041	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv14042	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14043	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv14045	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella
prok_asv14046	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Cryptoprodotis
prok_asv14047	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
prok_asv14048	Bacteria	Sumerlaeota	Sumerlaeia	Sumerlaeales	Sumerlaeaceae	Sumerlaea
prok_asv14049	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv14050	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14051	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	JG30-KF-CM66	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc	JG30-KF-CM66 uc
prok_asv14052	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14053	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv14054	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	vadinHA49	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc
prok_asv14055	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14056	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	DEV007	DEV007 uc
prok_asv14057	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14058	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
prok_asv14059	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidetes_BD2-2	Bacteroidetes_BD2-2 uc
prok_asv14060	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Ignavibacteria	Ignavibacteriales	PHOS-HE36	PHOS-HE36 uc
prok_asv14061	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales_fa	Pseudobacteriovorax
prok_asv14062	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Psychromonadaceae	Psychromonas
prok_asv14063	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv14064	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv14065	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	AT-s3-28	AT-s3-28 uc	AT-s3-28 uc	AT-s3-28 uc
prok_asv14066	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Aminicenantia	Aminicenantales	Aminicenantales uc	Aminicenantales uc
prok_asv14067	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SM23-30	SM23-30 uc
prok_asv14068	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	Desulforhopalus
prok_asv14069	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Vermiphilaceae	Vermiphilaceae uc
prok_asv14070	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv14071	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiota uc	Verrucomicrobiota uc	Verrucomicrobiota uc	Verrucomicrobiota uc
prok_asv14072	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv14073	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14074	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv14075	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	GW2011	AR15
prok_asv14076	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv14077	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Mucilaginibacter
prok_asv14078	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv14079	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv14080	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv14081	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Eel-36e1D6	Eel-36e1D6 uc
prok_asv14082	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales_Incertae_Sedis	Anderseniella
prok_asv14083	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv14084	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Paracaedibacterales	Paracaedibacteraceae	Cand_Finniella
prok_asv14085	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv14087	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Actibacterium
prok_asv14088	Bacteria	Dadabacteria	Dadabacteriia	Dadabacteriales	Dadabacteriales uc	Dadabacteriales uc
prok_asv14089	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14090	Bacteria	Nitrospirota	Nitrospiria	Nitrospirales	Nitrospiraceae	Nitrospira
prok_asv14091	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv14092	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv14093	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv14094	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv14095	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv14096	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
prok_asv14097	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv14098	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Opitutaceae	Cephaloticoccus
prok_asv14099	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv14100	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14101	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv14102	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
prok_asv14103	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14104	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Catellicoccaceae	Catellicoccus
prok_asv14105	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv14106	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv14108	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospira
prok_asv14109	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
prok_asv14110	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv14111	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv14112	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv14113	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Arenicellales	Arenicellaceae	Arenicella
prok_asv14114	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv14115	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14116	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14117	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14118	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Capnocytophaga
prok_asv14119	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Chthoniobacterales	Terrimicrobiaceae	FukuN18_freshwater_group
prok_asv14121	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Halobacteriovorax
prok_asv14122	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14123	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv14124	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus
prok_asv14125	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv14126	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14127	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Fuerstia
prok_asv14128	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Varibaculum
prok_asv14129	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Paenibacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus
prok_asv14130	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Yoonia-Loktanella
prok_asv14131	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv14132	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv14133	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thiomicrospiraceae	Thiomicrorhabdus
prok_asv14134	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv14135	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14136	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv14137	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv14138	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv14139	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	Bdellovibrio
prok_asv14140	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Aliikangiella
prok_asv14141	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14142	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	AKAU3564_sediment_group	AKAU3564_sediment_group uc
prok_asv14143	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
prok_asv14144	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv14145	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiales	Chlamydiaceae	Chlamydiaceae uc
prok_asv14146	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Leptospirae	Leptospirales	Leptospiraceae	Turneriella
prok_asv14147	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv14148	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv14149	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
prok_asv14150	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv14151	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv14152	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv14153	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14154	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Psychrosphaera
prok_asv14155	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
prok_asv14156	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv14157	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	JGI_0000069-P22	JGI_0000069-P22 uc	JGI_0000069-P22 uc
prok_asv14158	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
prok_asv14159	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv14160	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella
prok_asv14161	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv14162	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
prok_asv14163	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospiraceae uc
prok_asv14165	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera
prok_asv14166	Bacteria	Calditrichota	Calditrichia	Calditrichales	Calditrichaceae	JdFR-76
prok_asv14167	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Moheibacter
prok_asv14168	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Blastocatellia	Blastocatellales	Blastocatellaceae	Blastocatella
prok_asv14169	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv14170	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv14171	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv14172	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv14173	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	AKAU3564_sediment_group	AKAU3564_sediment_group uc
prok_asv14174	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14175	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv14177	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv14178	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidia uc	Dehalococcoidia uc	Dehalococcoidia uc
prok_asv14179	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv14180	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv14181	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv14182	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Weeksellaceae uc
prok_asv14183	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv14184	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
prok_asv14185	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv14186	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv14187	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
prok_asv14188	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv14189	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14190	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseobacter
prok_asv14191	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ectothiorhodospirales	Thioalkalispiraceae	Thiohalophilus
prok_asv14192	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
prok_asv14193	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrionaceae uc
prok_asv14194	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14195	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
prok_asv14196	Bacteria	Zixibacteria	Zixibacteria uc	Zixibacteria uc	Zixibacteria uc	Zixibacteria uc
prok_asv14197	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14198	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv14200	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
prok_asv14201	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv14202	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv14204	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium
prok_asv14205	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv14206	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv14207	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv14208	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14209	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14210	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14211	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
prok_asv14212	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoanaerobaculum
prok_asv14213	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Diplorickettsiales	Diplorickettsiaceae	Diplorickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv14214	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv14215	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv14216	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv14217	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Dasania
prok_asv14218	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Hydrogenophilaceae	Thiobacillus
prok_asv14219	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	SM2D12	SM2D12 uc
prok_asv14220	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv14221	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
prok_asv14222	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella
prok_asv14223	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv14224	Bacteria	Armatimonadota	Fimbriimonadia	Fimbriimonadales	Fimbriimonadaceae	Fimbriimonadaceae uc
prok_asv14225	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14226	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv14227	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
prok_asv14228	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv14229	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
prok_asv14230	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	AT-s2-59	AT-s2-59 uc	AT-s2-59 uc
prok_asv14231	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv14232	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Terasakiellaceae	Terasakiellaceae uc
prok_asv14233	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Arcanobacter
prok_asv14235	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14236	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiales uc	Burkholderiales uc
prok_asv14237	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv14238	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14239	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	AB1	AB1 uc
prok_asv14240	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14241	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
prok_asv14243	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Acidobacteriae	Bryobacterales	Bryobacteraceae	Bryobacter
prok_asv14244	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv14245	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv14246	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv14247	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv14248	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Vampirivibrionia	Obscuribacterales	Obscuribacteraceae	Obscuribacteraceae uc
prok_asv14249	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	vadinHA49	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc
prok_asv14250	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Saccharimonadia	Saccharimonadales	Saccharimonadales uc	Saccharimonadales uc
prok_asv14251	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv14252	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv14253	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Turicibacter
prok_asv14254	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv14255	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv14256	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv14257	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Acidobacteriae	Acidobacteriales	Acidobacteriaceae_(Subgroup_1)	Granulicella
prok_asv14258	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv14259	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
prok_asv14260	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Acidimicrobiia	Actinomarinales	Actinomarinales uc	Actinomarinales uc
prok_asv14262	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv14263	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Holophagae	Acanthopleuribacterales	Acanthopleuribacteraceae	Acanthopleuribacter
prok_asv14264	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
prok_asv14265	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillales uc	Lactobacillales uc
prok_asv14266	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Aminicenantia	Aminicenantales	Aminicenantales uc	Aminicenantales uc
prok_asv14267	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangia uc	Polyangia uc	Polyangia uc
prok_asv14268	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	Arctic95B-14	Arctic95B-14 uc
prok_asv14269	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
prok_asv14270	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Spirosomaceae	Spirosoma
prok_asv14271	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv14272	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv14273	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv14274	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv14275	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv14276	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv14277	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv14278	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv14279	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv14280	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14281	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv14282	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv14283	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv14284	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14285	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
prok_asv14286	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv14287	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv14288	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv14289	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Delftia
prok_asv14290	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv14291	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv14292	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiales uc	Burkholderiales uc
prok_asv14293	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Amylibacter
prok_asv14294	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv14295	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv14296	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14297	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	NS11-12	NS11-12 uc
prok_asv14298	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv14299	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Cognatiyoonia
prok_asv14300	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
prok_asv14301	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv14302	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv14303	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Verrucomicrobiaceae	Prosthecobacter
prok_asv14304	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv14305	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
prok_asv14306	Bacteria	Calditrichota	Calditrichia	Calditrichales	Calditrichaceae	Calditrichaceae uc
prok_asv14307	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv14308	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14309	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv14310	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Myxococcia	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	P3OB-42
prok_asv14311	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv14312	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv14313	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv14314	Bacteria	Calditrichota	Calditrichia	Calditrichales	Calditrichaceae	Calditrichaceae uc
prok_asv14315	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiales	Chlamydiaceae	Chlamydiaceae uc
prok_asv14316	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv14318	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14319	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv14320	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidia uc	Dehalococcoidia uc	Dehalococcoidia uc
prok_asv14321	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv14322	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Ignavibacteria	Ignavibacteriales	PHOS-HE36	PHOS-HE36 uc
prok_asv14323	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
prok_asv14325	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14326	Bacteria	Abditibacteriota	Abditibacteria	Abditibacteriales	Abditibacteriaceae	Abditibacterium
prok_asv14327	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14328	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14329	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv14330	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv14331	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv14332	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14333	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
prok_asv14334	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	EC3	EC3 uc	EC3 uc
prok_asv14335	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
prok_asv14336	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv14337	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv14338	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv14339	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
prok_asv14340	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
prok_asv14341	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Ga0077536	Ga0077536 uc	Ga0077536 uc
prok_asv14343	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv14344	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv14345	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Flammeovirgaceae	Flammeovirgaceae uc
prok_asv14346	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv14347	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14348	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv14349	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
prok_asv14350	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv14351	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv14352	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv14353	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv14354	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv14355	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
prok_asv14356	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Yoonia-Loktanella
prok_asv14357	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobiaceae uc
prok_asv14358	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv14359	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv14360	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Comamonadaceae uc
prok_asv14361	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14362	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
prok_asv14363	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	053A03-B-DI-P58	053A03-B-DI-P58 uc	053A03-B-DI-P58 uc
prok_asv14364	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
prok_asv14365	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	KD4-96	KD4-96 uc	KD4-96 uc	KD4-96 uc
prok_asv14366	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv14367	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv14368	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv14369	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Flammeovirgaceae	Flammeovirgaceae uc
prok_asv14370	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
prok_asv14371	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv14372	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	SS1-B-02-17	SS1-B-02-17 uc	SS1-B-02-17 uc
prok_asv14373	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14374	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
prok_asv14375	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadaceae	Kordiimonas
prok_asv14376	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Bathyarchaeia	Bathyarchaeia uc	Bathyarchaeia uc	Bathyarchaeia uc
prok_asv14377	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14378	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv14379	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	Bdellovibrio
prok_asv14380	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
prok_asv14381	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Ardenticatenales	Ardenticatenales uc	Ardenticatenales uc
prok_asv14382	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv14383	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lutibacter
prok_asv14384	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv14385	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv14386	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophales uc	Omnitrophales uc
prok_asv14387	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
prok_asv14388	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
prok_asv14389	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv14390	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniella
prok_asv14391	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Verrucomicrobiales uc	Verrucomicrobiales uc
prok_asv14392	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	Bdellovibrio
prok_asv14393	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobiaceae uc
prok_asv14394	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14395	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	Gracilibacteria uc	Gracilibacteria uc	Gracilibacteria uc
prok_asv14396	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv14397	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Kangiellaceae uc
prok_asv14398	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv14399	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Ardenticatenales	Ardenticatenales uc	Ardenticatenales uc
prok_asv14400	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridia_UCG-014	Clostridia_UCG-014 uc	Clostridia_UCG-014 uc
prok_asv14401	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Urania-1B-19_marine_sediment_group
prok_asv14402	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv14403	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv14404	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae uc
prok_asv14405	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Lachnospirales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae uc
prok_asv14406	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14407	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Alcanivoracaceae1	Alcanivorax
prok_asv14408	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv14409	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
prok_asv14410	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	Fokiniaceae uc
prok_asv14411	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Halobacteriovorax
prok_asv14412	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Pedobacter
prok_asv14413	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella
prok_asv14414	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	P13-46	P13-46 uc
prok_asv14415	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
prok_asv14416	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Puniceicoccaceae uc
prok_asv14417	Bacteria	MBNT15	MBNT15 uc	MBNT15 uc	MBNT15 uc	MBNT15 uc
prok_asv14418	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Oscillospirales uc	Oscillospirales uc
prok_asv14419	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv14420	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	vadinHA49	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc
prok_asv14421	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Verrucomicrobiaceae	Verrucomicrobiaceae uc
prok_asv14422	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv14423	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv14424	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv14425	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv14426	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter
prok_asv14427	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv14431	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Cognatiyoonia
prok_asv14432	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Terasakiellaceae	Terasakiella
prok_asv14433	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv14434	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmata uc	Thermoplasmata uc	Thermoplasmata uc
prok_asv14435	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Verrucomicrobiaceae	Verrucomicrobiaceae uc
prok_asv14436	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Nocardioides
prok_asv14437	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Rubinisphaeraceae	Rubinisphaera
prok_asv14438	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv14439	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	AKAU3564_sediment_group	AKAU3564_sediment_group uc
prok_asv14440	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv14441	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Gaiellales	Gaiellales uc	Gaiellales uc
prok_asv14442	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv14443	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_21	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc
prok_asv14444	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv14445	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	vadinHA49	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc
prok_asv14446	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	SBR1031	SBR1031 uc	SBR1031 uc
prok_asv14447	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv14448	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14449	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
prok_asv14450	Bacteria	Sumerlaeota	Sumerlaeia	Sumerlaeales	Sumerlaeaceae	Sumerlaea
prok_asv14451	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
prok_asv14452	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophales uc	Omnitrophales uc
prok_asv14453	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	GW2011	AR15
prok_asv14454	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria uc	Actinobacteria uc	Actinobacteria uc
prok_asv14455	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv14456	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv14457	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv14458	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
prok_asv14459	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14460	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Caldilineales	Caldilineaceae	Caldilineaceae uc
prok_asv14461	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
prok_asv14462	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla3_lineage	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc	Pla3_lineage uc
prok_asv14463	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacteria	Latescibacterales	Latescibacteraceae	Latescibacteraceae uc
prok_asv14464	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Reyranellales	Reyranellaceae	Reyranella
prok_asv14465	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14466	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophaga
prok_asv14467	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv14468	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Gaiellales	Gaiellales uc	Gaiellales uc
prok_asv14469	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Finegoldia
prok_asv14470	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv14471	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14472	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
prok_asv14473	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Pla4_lineage	Pla4_lineage uc	Pla4_lineage uc	Pla4_lineage uc
prok_asv14474	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv14475	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14476	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
prok_asv14477	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14478	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv14479	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv14480	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Pelagicoccus
prok_asv14481	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
prok_asv14482	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Sericytochromatia	Sericytochromatia uc	Sericytochromatia uc	Sericytochromatia uc
prok_asv14483	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14484	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Vicingus
prok_asv14485	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella
prok_asv14486	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv14487	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrososphaerales	Nitrososphaeraceae	Nitrososphaeraceae uc
prok_asv14488	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridia_UCG-014	Clostridia_UCG-014 uc	Clostridia_UCG-014 uc
prok_asv14490	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellula
prok_asv14491	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Frankiales	Frankiaceae	Jatrophihabitans
prok_asv14492	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	SCGC_AAA011-D5	SCGC_AAA011-D5 uc
prok_asv14493	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv14494	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv14495	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
prok_asv14496	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv14497	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv14498	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Kangiellaceae	Kangiellaceae uc
prok_asv14499	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade III	SAR11 Clade III uc
prok_asv14500	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales-Selenomonadales	Veillonellaceae	Anaeroglobus
prok_asv14501	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Treponema
prok_asv14502	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Algoriphagus
prok_asv14503	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Marinobacteraceae	Marinobacter
prok_asv14504	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv14505	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	P0X4b2H11	P0X4b2H11 uc	P0X4b2H11 uc
prok_asv14506	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv14507	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv14508	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv14509	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv14510	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv14511	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
prok_asv14512	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv14513	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	Bdellovibrio
prok_asv14514	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv14515	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
prok_asv14516	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellula
prok_asv14517	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv14518	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	Arctic95B-14	Arctic95B-14 uc
prok_asv14519	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
prok_asv14520	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv14521	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
prok_asv14522	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv14523	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	Gemmatimonadetes	Gemmatimonadales	Gemmatimonadaceae	Gemmatimonadaceae uc
prok_asv14524	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv14525	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14526	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv14527	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella
prok_asv14528	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	NS11-12	NS11-12 uc
prok_asv14529	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv14530	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	BD7-11	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc	BD7-11 uc
prok_asv14531	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv14532	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Leuconostocaceae	Leuconostoc
prok_asv14533	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Acidobacteriae	Subgroup_13	Subgroup_13 uc	Subgroup_13 uc
prok_asv14534	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv14535	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv14536	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv14537	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv14538	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv14539	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv14540	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Isosphaerales	Isosphaeraceae	Paludisphaera
prok_asv14541	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineae uc	Anaerolineae uc	Anaerolineae uc
prok_asv14542	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Nocardiaceae uc
prok_asv14543	Bacteria	Sumerlaeota	Sumerlaeia	Sumerlaeales	Sumerlaeaceae	Sumerlaea
prok_asv14544	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv14545	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv14546	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv14547	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv14548	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiellaceae uc
prok_asv14549	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv14550	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv14551	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv14552	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv14553	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv14554	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv14555	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	P.palmC41	P.palmC41 uc	P.palmC41 uc
prok_asv14556	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv14557	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineae uc	Anaerolineae uc	Anaerolineae uc
prok_asv14558	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv14559	Bacteria	Elusimicrobiota	Lineage_IIb	Lineage_IIb uc	Lineage_IIb uc	Lineage_IIb uc
prok_asv14560	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv14561	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv14562	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Gaiellales	Gaiellaceae	Gaiella
prok_asv14563	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv14564	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacteria	Latescibacterales	Latescibacteraceae	Latescibacteraceae uc
prok_asv14565	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv14566	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Peptoniphilus
prok_asv14567	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv14568	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Nannocystales	Nannocystaceae	Nannocystaceae uc
prok_asv14569	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	Bdellovibrio
prok_asv14570	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Spirochaeta_2
prok_asv14571	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv14572	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas
prok_asv14573	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
prok_asv14574	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Gitt-GS-136	Gitt-GS-136 uc	Gitt-GS-136 uc	Gitt-GS-136 uc
prok_asv14575	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv14576	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	AKAU3564_sediment_group	AKAU3564_sediment_group uc
prok_asv14577	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv14578	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14579	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14581	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sedimentitalea
prok_asv14582	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv14584	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv14585	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14586	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	028H05-P-BN-P5	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc
prok_asv14587	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv14588	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	P.palmC41	P.palmC41 uc	P.palmC41 uc
prok_asv14589	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
prok_asv14590	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv14591	Bacteria	Deferrisomatota	Defferrisomatia	Defferrisomatales	Defferrisomataceae	Deferrisoma
prok_asv14592	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv14593	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv14594	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium_sensu_stricto_1
prok_asv14595	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv14596	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv14597	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv14598	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Cand_Berkiella
prok_asv14599	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv14601	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Christensenellales	Christensenellaceae	Christensenellaceae uc
prok_asv14602	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv14603	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Verruc-01
prok_asv14604	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv14605	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	C86	C86 uc	C86 uc
prok_asv14606	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Hyphomonadaceae uc
prok_asv14607	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv14608	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv14609	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	SM1A02
prok_asv14610	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	koll11	koll11 uc
prok_asv14611	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv14612	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiales	Simkaniaceae	Simkaniaceae uc
prok_asv14613	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv14614	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
prok_asv14615	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidetes_BD2-2	Bacteroidetes_BD2-2 uc
prok_asv14616	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella
prok_asv14617	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Francisellales	Francisellaceae	Francisellaceae uc
prok_asv14618	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv14619	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv14620	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	AKAU3564_sediment_group	AKAU3564_sediment_group uc
prok_asv14621	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Kapabacteria	Kapabacteriales	Kapabacteriales uc	Kapabacteriales uc
prok_asv14622	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Saccharospirillaceae uc
prok_asv14623	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Amoebophilaceae	Amoebophilaceae uc
prok_asv14624	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv14625	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv14626	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Polaromonas
prok_asv14627	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv14628	Bacteria	DTB120	DTB120 uc	DTB120 uc	DTB120 uc	DTB120 uc
prok_asv14629	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Thermoanaerobaculia	Thermoanaerobaculales	Thermoanaerobaculaceae	Subgroup_10
prok_asv14630	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv14631	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsiaceae uc
prok_asv14632	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	vadinHA49	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc
prok_asv14633	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Jannaschia
prok_asv14634	Bacteria	Elusimicrobiota	Lineage_IIb	Lineage_IIb uc	Lineage_IIb uc	Lineage_IIb uc
prok_asv14635	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv14636	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetales uc	Planctomycetales uc
prok_asv14637	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14638	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oleiphilaceae	Oleiphilus
prok_asv14639	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14640	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium_sensu_stricto_1
prok_asv14641	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Changchengzhania
prok_asv14642	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14643	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Ruminococcaceae	Incertae_Sedis
prok_asv14644	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Reinekea
prok_asv14645	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14646	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv14647	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	SM2D12	SM2D12 uc
prok_asv14649	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_5	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc	Subgroup_5 uc
prok_asv14650	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv14651	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces
prok_asv14652	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv14653	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv14654	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv14655	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv14656	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14657	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Eggerthellaceae	Eggerthella
prok_asv14658	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv14659	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv14660	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv14661	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rubripirellula
prok_asv14662	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv14663	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14664	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv14665	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv14666	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	Gemmatimonadetes	Gemmatimonadales	Gemmatimonadaceae	Gemmatimonadaceae uc
prok_asv14667	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14668	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14669	Bacteria	Armatimonadota	Fimbriimonadia	Fimbriimonadales	Fimbriimonadaceae	Fimbriimonadaceae uc
prok_asv14670	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadaceae	Kordiimonas
prok_asv14671	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
prok_asv14672	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
prok_asv14673	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv14674	Bacteria	Sumerlaeota	Sumerlaeia	Sumerlaeia uc	Sumerlaeia uc	Sumerlaeia uc
prok_asv14675	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv14676	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv14677	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv14678	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	028H05-P-BN-P5	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc	028H05-P-BN-P5 uc
prok_asv14679	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomicaceae uc
prok_asv14680	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	ABY1	Cand_Komeilibacteria	Cand_Komeilibacteria uc	Cand_Komeilibacteria uc
prok_asv14681	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv14682	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv14683	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14684	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv14685	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_22	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc	Subgroup_22 uc
prok_asv14686	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14687	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv14688	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv14689	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvibaculales	Parvibaculales uc	Parvibaculales uc
prok_asv14690	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv14691	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
prok_asv14692	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv14694	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Sandaracinaceae	Sandaracinaceae uc
prok_asv14695	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14696	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv14697	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14699	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
prok_asv14700	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14701	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Halobacteriovorax
prok_asv14702	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv14704	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	WCHB1-81	WCHB1-81 uc	WCHB1-81 uc	WCHB1-81 uc
prok_asv14705	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cytophagales uc	Cytophagales uc
prok_asv14706	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv14707	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv14708	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv14711	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Geobacterales	Geobacteraceae	Citrifermentans
prok_asv14712	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv14713	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Silicimonas
prok_asv14714	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	CL500-3
prok_asv14715	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv14716	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophales uc	Omnitrophales uc
prok_asv14717	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Pseudorhodobacter
prok_asv14718	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14719	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv14720	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales uc	Flavobacteriales uc
prok_asv14721	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv14722	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halioglobus
prok_asv14723	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv14724	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv14725	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Sediminibacterium
prok_asv14726	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
prok_asv14727	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Nioella
prok_asv14728	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
prok_asv14729	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv14730	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea
prok_asv14731	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	UBA12411	UBA12411 uc
prok_asv14732	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv14733	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv14734	Bacteria	Fibrobacterota	Fibrobacteria	Fibrobacterales	TG3	TG3 uc
prok_asv14735	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Hoeflea
prok_asv14736	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14737	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SG8-4	SG8-4 uc
prok_asv14738	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Chloroflexia	Thermomicrobiales	AKYG1722	AKYG1722 uc
prok_asv14739	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_21	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc
prok_asv14740	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
prok_asv14741	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv14742	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv14743	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14744	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv14745	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella
prok_asv14746	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv14747	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
prok_asv14748	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv14749	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv14750	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14751	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	env.OPS_17	env.OPS_17 uc
prok_asv14752	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv14753	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv14754	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Marisediminicola
prok_asv14755	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Porphyrobacter
prok_asv14756	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oleiphilaceae	Oleiphilus
prok_asv14757	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Loktanella
prok_asv14758	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv14759	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv14760	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14761	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv14762	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix
prok_asv14763	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14764	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwelliaceae uc
prok_asv14765	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv14766	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14767	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv14768	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Thalassobaculales	Nisaeaceae	OM75
prok_asv14769	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14770	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	Thioglobaceae uc
prok_asv14771	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv14773	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv14775	Bacteria	Abditibacteriota	Abditibacteria	Abditibacteriales	Abditibacteriaceae	Abditibacterium
prok_asv14776	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv14777	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv14778	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Variovorax
prok_asv14779	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv14780	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS4
prok_asv14781	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv14782	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv14783	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
prok_asv14784	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv14785	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiotrichaceae uc
prok_asv14786	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nitrosococcales	Methylophagaceae	Methylophagaceae uc
prok_asv14787	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv14788	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14789	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Vermiphilaceae	Vermiphilaceae uc
prok_asv14790	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Piscirickettsiales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Piscirickettsia
prok_asv14791	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Aminicenantia	Aminicenantales	Aminicenantales uc	Aminicenantales uc
prok_asv14792	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
prok_asv14793	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv14794	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv14795	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
prok_asv14796	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Spirosomaceae	Taeseokella
prok_asv14797	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14798	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv14799	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv14800	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv14801	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14802	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade IV	SAR11 Clade IV uc
prok_asv14803	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv14804	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	SAR92
prok_asv14805	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14806	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella
prok_asv14807	Bacteria	Armatimonadota	Fimbriimonadia	Fimbriimonadales	Fimbriimonadales uc	Fimbriimonadales uc
prok_asv14808	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Arctic97B-4	Arctic97B-4 uc	Arctic97B-4 uc
prok_asv14809	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv14810	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Limnochordia	MBA03	MBA03 uc	MBA03 uc
prok_asv14811	Bacteria	NKB15	NKB15 uc	NKB15 uc	NKB15 uc	NKB15 uc
prok_asv14812	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv14814	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14815	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv14816	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv14817	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv14818	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv14819	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv14820	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv14821	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv14822	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv14823	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
prok_asv14824	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv14825	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv14826	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv14827	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	NS5
prok_asv14828	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14829	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv14830	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv14831	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv14832	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14833	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14834	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Changchengzhania
prok_asv14836	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv14837	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv14838	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv14839	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobulbia	Desulfobulbales	Desulfocapsaceae	Desulfocapsaceae uc
prok_asv14840	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Amoebophilaceae	Amoebophilaceae uc
prok_asv14841	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv14842	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	vadinHA49	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc
prok_asv14843	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv14844	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv14845	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv14848	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Dokdonia
prok_asv14849	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv14850	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv14851	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio
prok_asv14852	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospinaceae uc
prok_asv14853	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14854	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv14855	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv14856	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
prok_asv14857	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv14858	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc	Desulfobacterota uc
prok_asv14859	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobiaceae uc
prok_asv14860	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingorhabdus
prok_asv14861	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae uc
prok_asv14862	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14863	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv14864	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Peredibacter
prok_asv14867	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14868	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv14869	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Amoebophilaceae	Cand_Amoebophilus
prok_asv14870	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv14871	Bacteria	Spirochaetota	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Sphaerochaeta
prok_asv14872	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Marinicella
prok_asv14873	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	Sva0081_sediment_group
prok_asv14874	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv14875	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv14876	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Rhodothermia	Rhodothermales	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermaceae uc
prok_asv14877	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv14878	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv14879	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ib
prok_asv14880	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv14881	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv14882	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
prok_asv14883	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
prok_asv14884	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14885	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv14888	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv14889	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv14890	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade Ia
prok_asv14891	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia
prok_asv14892	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Blfdi19	Blfdi19 uc	Blfdi19 uc
prok_asv14893	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv14894	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
prok_asv14895	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella
prok_asv14896	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Cnuella
prok_asv14897	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv14898	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv14899	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
prok_asv14900	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	SCGC_AAA011-D5	SCGC_AAA011-D5 uc
prok_asv14901	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv14902	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14903	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Cognatiyoonia
prok_asv14904	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14905	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv14906	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv14907	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv14909	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv14910	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv14912	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv14913	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv14914	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv14915	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	BD2-11	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc	BD2-11 uc
prok_asv14916	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv14917	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14918	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	SAR202	SAR202 uc	SAR202 uc
prok_asv14919	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv14920	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv14921	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv14922	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv14924	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14925	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	Bradymonadales	Bradymonadales uc	Bradymonadales uc
prok_asv14926	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv14927	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv14928	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
prok_asv14929	Bacteria	Sumerlaeota	Sumerlaeia	Sumerlaeales	Sumerlaeaceae	Sumerlaea
prok_asv14930	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14931	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv14932	Bacteria	Sumerlaeota	Sumerlaeia	Sumerlaeales	Sumerlaeaceae	Sumerlaea
prok_asv14933	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv14934	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14935	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	Cand_Peregrinibacteria	Cand_Peregrinibacteria uc	Cand_Peregrinibacteria uc
prok_asv14936	Bacteria	Sumerlaeota	Sumerlaeia	Sumerlaeales	Sumerlaeaceae	Sumerlaea
prok_asv14937	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14938	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	Victivallales	Arctic95B-14	Arctic95B-14 uc
prok_asv14939	Bacteria	Calditrichota	Calditrichia	Calditrichales	Calditrichaceae	Calorithrix
prok_asv14940	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv14941	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14942	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Cognatiyoonia
prok_asv14943	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Muribaculaceae	Muribaculaceae uc
prok_asv14944	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv14945	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv14946	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14947	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Fusibacteraceae	Fusibacter
prok_asv14948	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionellaceae uc
prok_asv14949	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14950	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc	Bacteroidia uc
prok_asv14951	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	koll11	koll11 uc
prok_asv14952	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv14953	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Holophagae	Acanthopleuribacterales	Acanthopleuribacteraceae	Acanthopleuribacter
prok_asv14954	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	mle1-8	mle1-8 uc	mle1-8 uc
prok_asv14955	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv14956	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv14957	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	Cand_Peregrinibacteria	Cand_Peregrinibacteria uc	Cand_Peregrinibacteria uc
prok_asv14958	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Blastopirellula
prok_asv14959	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobiaceae uc
prok_asv14960	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiales	Simkaniaceae	Cand_Fritschea
prok_asv14961	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv14962	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Pelagicoccus
prok_asv14963	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv14965	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv14966	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv14967	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Cognatiyoonia
prok_asv14968	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv14969	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv14971	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_26	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc	Subgroup_26 uc
prok_asv14972	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prolixibacteraceae	Prolixibacteraceae uc
prok_asv14973	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadota	Gemmatimonadetes	Gemmatimonadales	Gemmatimonadaceae	Gemmatimonas
prok_asv14974	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Saccharimonadia	Saccharimonadales	Saccharimonadales uc	Saccharimonadales uc
prok_asv14975	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriales	Coleofasciculaceae	Wilmottia_Ant-Ph58
prok_asv14976	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv14977	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv14978	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiales uc	Burkholderiales uc
prok_asv14979	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Lentimonas
prok_asv14981	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobiaceae uc
prok_asv14983	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteriia	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc	Cyanobacteriia uc
prok_asv14985	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv14986	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetes uc	Planctomycetes uc	Planctomycetes uc
prok_asv14987	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	Omnitrophaceae	Cand_Omnitrophus
prok_asv14988	Bacteria	Sumerlaeota	Sumerlaeia	Sumerlaeales	Sumerlaeaceae	Sumerlaea
prok_asv14989	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrionaceae uc
prok_asv14991	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Hymenobacteraceae	Hymenobacter
prok_asv14992	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
prok_asv14993	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv14994	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Cand_Berkiella
prok_asv14995	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv14996	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv14997	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	CCM11a	CCM11a uc	CCM11a uc
prok_asv14998	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Lentisphaeria	P.palmC41	P.palmC41 uc	P.palmC41 uc
prok_asv14999	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv15000	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv15001	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	MSBL9	SM23-30	SM23-30 uc
prok_asv15002	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv15003	Bacteria	Latescibacterota	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc	Latescibacterota uc
prok_asv15004	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Vermiphilaceae	Vermiphilaceae uc
prok_asv15005	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	mle1-8	mle1-8 uc	mle1-8 uc
prok_asv15006	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	0319-6G20	0319-6G20 uc	0319-6G20 uc
prok_asv15007	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas
prok_asv15008	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Cand_Megaira
prok_asv15010	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	Lentimonas
prok_asv15011	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv15012	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Methylophilaceae	OM43
prok_asv15013	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
prok_asv15014	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Algicola
prok_asv15015	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv15016	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv15017	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Sutterellaceae	Sutterellaceae uc
prok_asv15018	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Saccharimonadia	Saccharimonadales	Saccharimonadales uc	Saccharimonadales uc
prok_asv15019	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Glaciecola
prok_asv15020	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc	Proteobacteria uc
prok_asv15021	Bacteria	RCP2-54	RCP2-54 uc	RCP2-54 uc	RCP2-54 uc	RCP2-54 uc
prok_asv15022	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmatota_cl	Thermoplasmatota_or	Thermoplasmatota_fa	Thermoplasmatota_fa uc
prok_asv15023	Bacteria	Sumerlaeota	Sumerlaeia	Sumerlaeales	Sumerlaeaceae	Sumerlaea
prok_asv15024	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Roseibacillus
prok_asv15025	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Oscillospirales	Oscillospiraceae	UCG-005
prok_asv15026	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv15027	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86	SAR86 uc	SAR86 uc
prok_asv15029	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudahrensia
prok_asv15030	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv15031	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Lentibacter
prok_asv15032	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv15033	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pirellulaceae uc
prok_asv15035	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Anaerovoracaceae	Mogibacterium
prok_asv15036	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagales uc	Chitinophagales uc
prok_asv15037	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	AT-s3-44	AT-s3-44 uc	AT-s3-44 uc
prok_asv15038	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Cryomorphaceae uc
prok_asv15039	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade I	SAR11 Clade I uc
prok_asv15040	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Litoreibacter
prok_asv15041	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv15042	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Comamonadaceae uc
prok_asv15043	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv15044	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv15045	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv15046	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	BD1-7
prok_asv15047	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Defluviicoccales	Defluviicoccales uc	Defluviicoccales uc
prok_asv15048	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv15049	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Saccharimonadia	Saccharimonadales	Saccharimonadales uc	Saccharimonadales uc
prok_asv15050	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv15051	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv15052	Bacteria	Hydrogenedentes	Hydrogenedentia	Hydrogenedentiales	Hydrogenedensaceae	Hydrogenedensaceae uc
prok_asv15053	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	UBA10353	UBA10353 uc	UBA10353 uc
prok_asv15054	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv15055	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv15056	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv15057	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv15058	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv15059	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aurantivirga
prok_asv15060	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Nitrincolaceae	Nitrincolaceae uc
prok_asv15061	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv15062	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv15063	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv15064	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv15065	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv15066	Bacteria	Deferrisomatota	Defferrisomatia	Defferrisomatales	Defferrisomataceae	Deferrisoma
prok_asv15067	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv15068	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv15069	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv15070	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Tistlia
prok_asv15071	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv15072	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv15073	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv15074	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv15075	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilaceae uc
prok_asv15076	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv15077	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopelagicus
prok_asv15078	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv15079	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv15080	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv15081	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter
prok_asv15082	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv15083	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv15084	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv15085	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv15086	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeia	Woesearchaeales	Woesearchaeales uc	Woesearchaeales uc
prok_asv15087	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv15088	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	AT-s2-59	AT-s2-59 uc	AT-s2-59 uc
prok_asv15089	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv15090	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Lentibacter
prok_asv15091	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Fokiniaceae	MD3-55
prok_asv15092	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Lentilitoribacter
prok_asv15093	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa
prok_asv15094	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	AT-s2-59	AT-s2-59 uc	AT-s2-59 uc
prok_asv15095	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thiomicrospiraceae	Thiomicrorhabdus
prok_asv15096	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	ST-12K33	ST-12K33 uc
prok_asv15097	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium
prok_asv15098	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv15099	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv15100	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv15101	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 uc	SAR11 uc
prok_asv15102	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv15103	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv15104	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Oligoflexia	Oligoflexales	Oligoflexales uc	Oligoflexales uc
prok_asv15105	Bacteria	Marinimicrobia_SAR406	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc	Marinimicrobia_SAR406 uc
prok_asv15106	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv15107	Bacteria	PAUC34f	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc	PAUC34f uc
prok_asv15108	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Opitutaceae	Opitutaceae uc
prok_asv15109	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospira
prok_asv15110	Archaea	Thermoplasmatota	Thermoplasmata	Marine_Group_II	Marine_Group_II uc	Marine_Group_II uc
prok_asv15111	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv15112	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv15113	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola
prok_asv15114	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv15115	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	NS9	NS9 uc
prok_asv15116	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Pelagimonas
prok_asv15117	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc	Alphaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv15118	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Cand_Nitrosopumilus
prok_asv15119	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Magnetospiraceae	Magnetospiraceae uc
prok_asv15120	Bacteria	Margulisbacteria	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc	Margulisbacteria uc
prok_asv15121	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella
prok_asv15122	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	MWH-UniP1_aquatic_group	MWH-UniP1_aquatic_group uc
prok_asv15123	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Vadicella
prok_asv15124	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv15125	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv15126	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovoracaceae uc
prok_asv15127	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	NAC11-7
prok_asv15128	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolineaceae uc
prok_asv15129	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfosarcinaceae	Sva0081_sediment_group
prok_asv15130	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv15131	Bacteria	Fibrobacterota	Fibrobacteria	Fibrobacterales	TG3	TG3 uc
prok_asv15132	Bacteria	Elusimicrobiota	Elusimicrobia	Elusimicrobia uc	Elusimicrobia uc	Elusimicrobia uc
prok_asv15133	Bacteria	Calditrichota	Calditrichia	Calditrichales	Calditrichaceae	Calditrichaceae uc
prok_asv15134	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	vadinHA49	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc	vadinHA49 uc
prok_asv15135	Bacteria	SAR324	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc	SAR324 uc
prok_asv15136	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv15137	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thiomicrospiraceae	endosymbionts
prok_asv15138	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospiraceae uc
prok_asv15139	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Pir4_lineage
prok_asv15140	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Paracaedibacterales	Paracaedibacteraceae	Paracaedibacteraceae uc
prok_asv15141	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv15142	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv15143	Bacteria	Sva0485	Sva0485 uc	Sva0485 uc	Sva0485 uc	Sva0485 uc
prok_asv15144	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv15145	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	OM190	OM190 uc	OM190 uc	OM190 uc
prok_asv15146	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv15147	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv15148	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv15149	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella
prok_asv15150	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria_Incertae_Sedis	Unknown_Family	Unknown_Family uc
prok_asv15151	Bacteria	NB1-j	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc	NB1-j uc
prok_asv15152	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv15153	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaeraceae uc
prok_asv15154	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Vicinamibacteria	Vicinamibacterales	Vicinamibacterales uc	Vicinamibacterales uc
prok_asv15155	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv15156	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv15157	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv15158	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales	Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales_fa	Finegoldia
prok_asv15159	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium
prok_asv15160	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv15161	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadaceae	Kordiimonas
prok_asv15162	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv15163	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinobacteria	Frankiales	Nakamurellaceae	Nakamurella
prok_asv15165	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales uc	Rickettsiales uc
prok_asv15166	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Octadecabacter
prok_asv15167	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Mitochondria	Mitochondria uc
prok_asv15168	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv15169	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas
prok_asv15170	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv15171	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	NS10
prok_asv15172	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Coxiellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella
prok_asv15173	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	AEGEAN-169	AEGEAN-169 uc
prok_asv15174	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Cognatiyoonia
prok_asv15175	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Holophagae	Acanthopleuribacterales	Acanthopleuribacteraceae	Acanthopleuribacter
prok_asv15176	Bacteria	Dependentiae	Babeliae	Babeliales	Babeliales uc	Babeliales uc
prok_asv15177	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc	Planctomycetota uc
prok_asv15178	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Bythopirellula
prok_asv15179	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv15180	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	koll11	koll11 uc
prok_asv15181	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv15182	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halieaceae uc
prok_asv15183	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiales	Chlamydiaceae	Chlamydiaceae uc
prok_asv15184	Bacteria	Aerophobota	Aerophobia	Aerophobales	Aerophobales uc	Aerophobales uc
prok_asv15185	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	Bdellovibrio
prok_asv15186	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv15187	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv15188	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv15189	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv15190	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Octadecabacter
prok_asv15191	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv15192	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Dasania
prok_asv15193	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	Cand_Puniceispirillum
prok_asv15195	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv15196	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	SAR11	SAR11 Clade II	SAR11 Clade II uc
prok_asv15197	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Puniceispirillales	SAR116	SAR116 uc
prok_asv15198	Bacteria	Desulfobacterota	Desulfuromonadia	PB19	PB19 uc	PB19 uc
prok_asv15199	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
prok_asv15200	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	KI89A	KI89A uc	KI89A uc
prok_asv15201	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Caldilineales	Caldilineaceae	Caldilineaceae uc
prok_asv15202	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Micavibrionales	Micavibrionales uc	Micavibrionales uc
prok_asv15203	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Aminicenantia	Aminicenantales	Aminicenantales uc	Aminicenantales uc
prok_asv15204	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia
prok_asv15205	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Omnitrophia	Omnitrophales	koll11	koll11 uc
prok_asv15206	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc	Gammaproteobacteria uc
prok_asv15207	Bacteria	Acidobacteriota	Subgroup_21	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc	Subgroup_21 uc
prok_asv15208	Bacteria	Planctomycetota	Planctomycetes	Pirellulales	Pirellulaceae	Rhodopirellula
prok_asv15209	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Stappiaceae	Stappiaceae uc
prok_asv15210	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Lentimicrobiaceae	Lentimicrobiaceae uc
prok_asv15211	Bacteria	Patescibacteria	Gracilibacteria	Gracilibacteria uc	Gracilibacteria uc	Gracilibacteria uc
prok_asv15212	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	SUP05_cluster
prok_asv15213	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	LS-NOB
prok_asv15214	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter
prok_asv15215	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ulvibacter
prok_asv15216	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae uc
prok_asv15217	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
prok_asv15218	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter
prok_asv15219	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola
prok_asv15220	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Verrucomicrobiae	Opitutales	Puniceicoccaceae	MB11C04
prok_asv15221	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae uc
prok_asv15222	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maritimimonas
prok_asv15223	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv15224	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Algicola
prok_asv15225	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	Thioglobaceae uc
prok_asv15228	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Pseudohongiellaceae	Pseudohongiella
prok_asv15229	Bacteria	Bdellovibrionota	Bdellovibrionia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	OM27
prok_asv15230	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobiota	Kiritimatiellae	WCHB1-41	WCHB1-41 uc	WCHB1-41 uc
prok_asv15231	Bacteria	Sva0485	Sva0485 uc	Sva0485 uc	Sva0485 uc	Sva0485 uc
prok_asv15232	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiomicrospirales	Thioglobaceae	Thioglobaceae uc
prok_asv15233	Bacteria	Nitrospinota	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina
prok_asv15234	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	OM182	OM182 uc	OM182 uc
prok_asv15235	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus
